Tim Sackton: There was only a few days ago that you are all Captain peace outside ravens hold after defeating a demon and that hold fast and seemingly clearing the land of it's demonic presence.
Tim Sackton: making the decision to turn to the mysterious storm lingering to the west you traveled for several days before venturing into the depths of the storm only earlier this afternoon.
Tim Sackton: Now you find yourself standing at the top of a white marble tower in the center of the massive storm.
Tim Sackton: Staring at the change body of frog or a nearly 30 foot tall giant of immense proportions, dressed in chat tattered silk robes and bound to the floor of the chamber with massive silver manacles dancing with magical energy
Tim Sackton: The room itself is in total disarray perhaps one says sculpture garden or some other kind of artistic enclave long ago that's now a barren empty space, a few broken pieces of stature I pushed to the sides to make room for the massive giant and the change that hold them down.
Tim Sackton: The roof, perhaps, once an elegant glass structure is shatter completely in the dome at the top of the tower is open to the sky.
Tim Sackton: Into the growing silence Prague, our goods his teeth and turns to speak.
Tim Sackton: Despite the chains. And the obvious mistreatment and neglect. He has suffered raw power radiates from him.
Tim Sackton: And as he begins to speak. Um, let's again.
Tim Sackton: Get into the scene with each of you going and briefly describing your character and what you're doing at this moment.
Tim Sackton: Start with dealt with actually just sent you a message. So I'll start.
Mike Sackton: Okay seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, somebody else start
Rev. David: Anybody so well we
Rev. David: It's really big and it draws the comparison even more sharply with wealthy, who is literally attentive his height, which is what 100 that is mass 1000 for this last one.
Rev. David: But Welby is like totally focused on this giant just like like there's nothing else in the world. Just like totally sort of engaged and trying to like figure this thing out and read it and like understand it and market and remember
Rev. David: And I think you get the impression that he is
Rev. David: So excited just to be like meeting a giant like that's a big pumpkin genetic right there as anything else that is going on right now in the tower or the hurricane or anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To where you see it where you wrote letters, while the relative to the giant
Rev. David: So he seemed like in the middle of the room timber.
Tim Sackton: He's not seated. He's like spread eagled on the floor with his arms bound above his head and his legs bound his ankles bound as well.
Rev. David: Let's take
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A break or is he, is he don't mind down
Tim Sackton: No, he's like lying down on the floor.
Tim Sackton: Taking up nearly the entire space.
Rev. David: above his head so that I'm in a site like that feels respectful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Kansas, also in the silence, probably, probably next to you while the I'm also just kind of like gazing at seated though I'm sitting, sitting down my kind of cross legged on the floor quarter staff across my lap hood down and you know just seated with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but with a very similarly, a very intense focus on on on the giant and really kind of just like looking intently, but very calm very, very calm and you get this kind of feeling this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kind of aura of calmness, around, around, Kenzo and you know his, his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's almost it's hard to you're not totally sure but it almost feels like there's kind of a bluish glow around Kenzo as he's kind of sitting and just like observing the giant and and really intently just connecting with with the Giants energy from afar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If any of my friends to come. Got it.
Mike Sackton: I was still invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Period.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay um seeker is
Tim Sackton: Oh wait. Well, it doesn't matter. Nevermind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seekers crushed in the doorway. I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I've got a small notebook out and
Eric Rosenbaum: Sketching my impressions of
Eric Rosenbaum: The eilis face of the giant with its crown of empty sockets.
Kate Sackton: Paying attention to the giant but she's also
Kate Sackton: Still looking around, like she was convinced from Douglas account that there were like a capture and an end of prisoner both presences and so she's a little on edge like still sort of checking out the bond shaking out that
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like
Kate Sackton: Making sure that
Kate Sackton: Like she feels like maybe she needs to be assessed and maybe there isn't an imminent capture about to storm in the room, but she's still sort of on guard for that because that was the hypothesis. She had going into
Kate Sackton: Are based on Douglas encounter with the two entities or what seemed like two entities originally
Eric Rosenbaum: And we find out the name of the wizard.
Tim Sackton: You don't mess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Ah, so
Tim Sackton: At this point, progress begins to speak gritting his teeth to get the words out.
Tim Sackton: And he says, be warned, while you travel here you are wandering through my dreams and where the ancient power of this place my dreams can be dangerous. Indeed.
Tim Sackton: I will strive to maintain control over my mind for as long as I can. But these bonds sap my strength and I do not know how long I will last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While
I connect
Tim Sackton: Sorry, when my connection to the fading world fades and I'm drift.
Tim Sackton: And I dressed as the violence of the storm in the wind or fade into the pleasant days are trading stories and omens with travelers and my mountain. Not long ago I will not remember this conversation, it would be safer if you were gone before this happens.
Tim Sackton: And it sort of size and even as he speaks. You can see Suttles flats flashes of sparks and dancing energy that are running across the manacles
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well God, how can we use your pain.
Tim Sackton: I'm looking at you. Go ahead. And if you're gonna ask him something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh god, how can we use your pain.
Tim Sackton: Find find my eyes.
Tim Sackton: I can remove these bonds. If I could see them.
Tim Sackton: I think this magic is beyond any of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where can we see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your eyes.
Tim Sackton: I do not know.
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: My memory is our fragmentary
Tim Sackton: I remember
Tim Sackton: Waking up blind in this place.
And you sort of concentrating fading.
Tim Sackton: In and out of consciousness.
Tim Sackton: I think they must have been
Tim Sackton: Taken while I was trapped here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you think you don't. This is behind this.
Tim Sackton: If pauses for a moment and
Tim Sackton: Tries to concentrate
If
Tim Sackton: Now is when you say now is you done. This has been dead for
Tim Sackton: Hundreds and hundreds of years.
Hmm.
Rev. David: ventures.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a metal sphere out there. What would happen if we were to destroy it.
Tim Sackton: Describe it to me, please.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like a steer made of rings. I'm like, looking it up in
Eric Rosenbaum: The Middle. Middle bands, making a sphere. So crisscrossing circles of iron.
Eric Rosenbaum: set on a killer and pool of water.
Kate Sackton: And writing
Mike Sackton: What did the writing. Say we we read it.
Tim Sackton: It was a incantation. It was our in Korean.
Mike Sackton: mentation right finding
Tim Sackton: This item you describe
Tim Sackton: I believe that is
Tim Sackton: The magic that you don't miss used to trap my spirit here.
Tim Sackton: Just throwing that
Tim Sackton: I do not think would do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Though
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Tim Sackton: Do not know if it
Tim Sackton: Remains
Tim Sackton: Magical even at this stage or
Equal spent in the talent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is guarded by some magical serpents made of water, suggesting that there's something to guard there.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps, yes.
Rev. David: If we can't find your eyes and we kept for you.
Rev. David: Should we leave you, or try to endure suffering.
Tim Sackton: Leave me
Tim Sackton: Spread the word
Tim Sackton: tell people what's here.
Tim Sackton: tell people what's missing.
Tim Sackton: Great power.
Tim Sackton: And the potential to give great rewards to those who could free me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the, what can you tell us more about this storm. And also, can you tell us more about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About when we might be when we arrived inside the storm. It seemed as though
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's it's unclear. The nature of time in this space.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we covered that last time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did we
Eric Rosenbaum: Forget yeah
Mike Sackton: His memories.
Eric Rosenbaum: At one point, it seemed
Tim Sackton: Like you were in his memories. Yes. Because when you went up onto the mountain.
Tim Sackton: Right. The mountain home place. He was talking as well be told him the story of ravens hold and he was like, this is an amazing story. It's all in the future.
Tim Sackton: Right, who are either done, Marty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But there's
Eric Rosenbaum: He thinks it's 5031
Tim Sackton: Yes, that's what when he thought it was
Kate Sackton: If we got
Kate Sackton: It right now. Well, he's lucid, is it still night. Can we check if it's I
Tim Sackton: Mean you can look straight up, it's
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a
Tim Sackton: Ceiling fog in this room, but the ceiling is open to the sky.
Mike Sackton: What are the stars.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: Stars look like you'd expect the fox and Hunter prominently hanging overhead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that changed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, because he's lucid
Mike Sackton: It wasn't time travel.
Rev. David: Is projection
Projection.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we better get out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: He
Eric Rosenbaum: Goes unconscious. Again, or else will be trapped in his
Eric Rosenbaum: Like dream world.
Mike Sackton: Well, presumably, we can escape going back out to the storm, just like we came into his dream world through the storm. But I think the problem is that the my assumption here is that the lightning creature that tried to kill us was not a bad guy. It was him.
Rev. David: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the new one on me.
Mike Sackton: It's not, I don't think it while we should do this and capture but dealt with will say,
Mike Sackton: You know, it seems that
Mike Sackton: Was the chance name again.
Mike Sackton: Real girl guard dogs, it seems that
Mike Sackton: Raw guy is
Mike Sackton: Telling us to be aware of what
Mike Sackton: You dealt with, well you can't see were dealt with his or because he's still invisible but
Mike Sackton: What you are
Mike Sackton: Can create in this space is the is the
Mike Sackton: Or the sparks and whitening yours.
Tim Sackton: He closes his eyes for a moment eyelids fading over the empty sockets and he takes a few deep breaths. When he does the mist and fog that lay on the stairs begin to drift away and you can hear that the wind and thunder outside slow not disappear, but the noise, the constant dull roar.
Tim Sackton: That has been
Tim Sackton: You know in your consciousness. Ever since you cross through the wind wall to the space fades slightly and the peals of thunder slow
Tim Sackton: And he opens his eyes and he says,
Tim Sackton: Yes, I can.
Tim Sackton: I can feel the part of me that is
Tim Sackton: Lost out there.
Tim Sackton: And he takes a few deep breaths and he says,
Tim Sackton: I think
Tim Sackton: I think I can control it while I
Tim Sackton: Retain my lucidity
Tim Sackton: But I do not know how long this will last.
Tim Sackton: So us what time of safety, I can give you wisely.
Rev. David: Will go through the tower as quickly as possible, that
Mike Sackton: We should probably split up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right will search the tower and then leave
Mike Sackton: I mean, should we
Mike Sackton: Try to get the ball.
Tim Sackton: Now I'm gonna, I'm going to pause here for a brief mechanical interlude. So I had an idea heavily modified from a thing. I read on the internet to track time without it being like straight forward exactly how long you have
Tim Sackton: Which is that every
Tim Sackton: 10 minutes or so.
Tim Sackton: I'll just add another I'll add a D 10 to a time pool.
Tim Sackton: Which will look like.
This
Tim Sackton: And every occasionally when it gets big enough. I'll roll them and overall them enroll 20 so everybody can see and each time I hit a one that'll increments. Some counter so you'll know that time is starting to run out, but you won't know exactly how long you have
Tim Sackton: So this is kind of experiment if it's like playing around with like meta game mechanics to see how it works.
Tim Sackton: If it ends up being super
Tim Sackton: For a brighter future, but it ends up working. I might tinker with things like this again.
Tim Sackton: So it's basically like you know keeping track of roughly 10 minute increments where they're getting more and more dangerous, the longer you've taken
Eric Rosenbaum: On my request would be that when you do roll the one that we hear some kind of lightning strike.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, that's perfect. That's what's running out.
Yes.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: But we're starting with a clean slate here. So yes, talk
Tim Sackton: Taco like
Mike Sackton: Just remind me. The, the or the the ball still had magic, right.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you did in fact
Mike Sackton: See magic on it and also asked him if the if the water is under his control.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is not Mike and
Mike Sackton: His control. We have a rope tied to the thing, right.
Tim Sackton: You do have a rope tied to the metals fear.
Tim Sackton: Which is anchored by like an iron rod to a block of marble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try shadowing the marble.
Mike Sackton: One can you use heat metal to soften the iron and we can just pull it off.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I could maybe do that and a shattering attack on the marble.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's funny because getting it out of that socket and then dropping it off the tower doesn't necessarily destroy it, or even
Mike Sackton: I thought we'd bring it, we'd bring it to Austin work at it more closely and see if we can shatter it
Mike Sackton: Right gets magic ourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or just carried along with us we'll have a storm falls this room and
Mike Sackton: I'm Andy or dangerous.
Mike Sackton: Not sure which
Rev. David: One do that first though or search
Mike Sackton: Well, maybe we should split up maybe some group should go down in search and some groups should try to Dallas is happy to go search being invisible that if that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, fortunately, none of us are strong, except for wizard. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe get a few of us to figure out how to pull this thing off.
Kate Sackton: It's destroying this thing. We don't want to destroy it. We just want to dislodge it because if we destroy it. What if it destroys Prague are without his eyes, and he's just been lost.
Like something worse fate unanchored
Eric Rosenbaum: Reasonable question. We don't really know how this thing works.
Mike Sackton: Is Hey Tim is the magic that I saw around his manacles at all similar have a magic around the world now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's, let's go search
Eric Rosenbaum: For that will help us.
Good.
Tim Sackton: So heading down
Tim Sackton: From the top floor you come out again on the
Tim Sackton: In the so you come down into the room with the boss of the giant with
Tim Sackton: That that's has a directory that's in the drawings folder. That's very nice. That has
Tim Sackton: Like our crown with like
Tim Sackton: Points around that seem to be missing something that have empty sockets and then empty eye sockets.
Tim Sackton: Mouth etched in in silver and more gold and silver kind of decorating the pedestal. Um,
Tim Sackton: So that's, that's the sort of room that you come out of at into as you come down, but of course the other side of this tower is the
Tim Sackton: The entrance to the platform that extends out
Tim Sackton: Over the over the
Tim Sackton: Over the granite below.
Tim Sackton: And that side of the room that entrance has
Tim Sackton: Five large Marvel pillars that extend about halfway to the ceiling, um, each also topped with a
Tim Sackton: Some kind of like intricate silver
Tim Sackton: Iron metal design that twists up to it again an empty socket.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was on there.
Eric Rosenbaum: By inspecting the socket. Can I see any clues or the traces of material or where
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can. You can climb up and and investigate it, it's gonna take some time, but make an investigation check
Eric Rosenbaum: We got plenty to
Tim Sackton: What are the rest of you want to do.
Um,
Mike Sackton: This is the level that we were the pool of water is right. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: If you go out from the room with
Tim Sackton: marble pillars, you've got that.
Mike Sackton: The platform. And then I want to go down a level.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we all need to investigate the same level, at the same time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we looking for, again we're looking for the eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For anything
Kate Sackton: Looking for anything. And there's nothing to find as far as I can guess we just need to get out of here.
Kate Sackton: You look so you can feel satisfied.
Rev. David: Agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: He wizards tower. It's gonna be full of good stuff.
Rev. David: When we go down, though. I'm really curious if we can see if we can investigate and see signs on the stairs themselves.
Rev. David: Something if this thing's been here, really long time. Maybe it's destiny enough to just see footprints. So like my sort of like working curious if the churn people came and stole all this stuff and took off with it. But can we find any evidence of like made entered in footprints or something.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah, that's it so well seeker is scrambling up to the top of this.
Tim Sackton: This platform. The top of these marble pillars to investigate yeah well be make make a survival check and go, so the stairs between the third floor, which is the library and the fourth floor, which is this floor, none of you have ever walked on. So anything there would be somebody else.
Nice.
Tim Sackton: What is the rest of you want to do.
Kate Sackton: Right help detective will be
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Rev. David: Yeah.
Advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like this is a spin off series waiting to happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Detective
Tim Sackton: I'm Kenzo and and down with where, where do you want to do what
Mike Sackton: I want. I mean, I want to go down to the library, but I'll just go behind
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, have we walked in both we've looked at.
Mike Sackton: We've been into this other room right here.
Tim Sackton: That's where the statue is
Mike Sackton: OK, so the statues, like here.
Tim Sackton: The statues, like, yeah, it's like this whole it's like these four squares that are like
You know there
Mike Sackton: I want to go down to the library.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, do you want to do anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, so I'm writing a note some, I think I'm going to stay in the room with Ragnar and try to buy that with him. I'm sending you some details what I'm going to try here.
Rev. David: I'm like, trying to keep them in reality. Yeah.
Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: something useful. That's
Eric Rosenbaum: A crazy idea.
Oh,
Tim Sackton: Let's see, on the
Tim Sackton: So well being resin looking at the the footprints.
Tim Sackton: There is definitely. I mean, it is it is dusty going down that this floor seems actually not to be dusty. There's a breeze. That's kind of blowing through the rooms here and there's not the it almost seems to be sort of keeping everything clean
Tim Sackton: But if you go down a little. The stairs, a little bit. There are there are foot definite footsteps coming up and coming down.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Coming up and down there seem to be three separate sets of footsteps.
Tim Sackton: So, a group of three people. It's hard to I mean they're sort of crisscrossing each other. They're muddled. It's a little bit hard to tell, like details about. I mean, they're they're humanoids with booted feet, obviously. But other than that, like, there's no you know
Tim Sackton: Clear detail you can pick up
Tim Sackton: Even in the layer of dust about
Tim Sackton: You know, the special makeup booth. They had or something. But it's definitely a group that seems to have come up and gone down, um,
Tim Sackton: Okay so seeker.
Tim Sackton: When you sort of get up onto the top of this column of marble. You can tell that there is
Tim Sackton: So the design of this metal piece at the top. Seems like it held
Tim Sackton: It has like it's almost like a like a basket like
Tim Sackton: A small
Tim Sackton: Like gesture brazier of some sort or something would have like rested on top. But you can see that it was like, um, you know, at one point, something was like fused along that the top and was was broken off, so it must have been
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: It must have been a relatively weak connection that was like snapped off and you can tell from the
Tim Sackton: From the age and the weathering of the metal. This was recent so something was like removed from the tops of these something metal was removed from the tops of these things within the past
month or two.
Eric Rosenbaum: Opens girlfriends have taken some liberties here. It looks like.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you're all so down with is hiding down as everybody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll follow you. Okay.
Tim Sackton: So as you head down to the to the third floor you come out.
Tim Sackton: So coming down the steps.
Tim Sackton: You you come out in what's sort of a small sort of quarter entry way where the door that
Tim Sackton: A door in the wall sort of coming down. So on your right. Not that there's like a dividing wall that splits the the tower Roman this floor of the tower and half and there is a door.
Tim Sackton: In that wall that goes to what would be beneath this part of the tower and then in the area beneath this part of the tower.
Tim Sackton: Which is where you come out. Um, there's a library.
Tim Sackton: And so what you can see from the library is
Tim Sackton: There's so there's a like an L shaped set of stone shelves.
Tim Sackton: Clearly, whether Polish smooth.
Tim Sackton: I'm a white marble table sat in the middle of the sort of stuff is like the owl, and then sort of in the middle of that. So there's a white marble table that almost seems to grow out of the floor of the
Tim Sackton: Tower, almost like a like a flat tree like a plane tree that's grown up and then the top of the tree is is the surface of the
Tim Sackton: Is the surface of the of the table and the shelves have these find stone decorations that look almost like
Tim Sackton: A marble trip castles, although some of the finer detail has broken and cracked, but this this area. The library has been
Tim Sackton: Pretty well cleared out there's only a few books that remain. And the ones that remain seem to be a
Tim Sackton: Chain. There's like a part of the of the library that has
Tim Sackton: Like chain like Carol's that you can take out change books onto and the three books that you can see that remain are all on that.
Tim Sackton: Central shelf, which has set up with like a foldable reading shelf, and then the chain books are above. There's a bunch of chains that are unlocked or broken but the three
Tim Sackton: Three books that remain are all linked
Tim Sackton: To the shelf with solid chains.
Tim Sackton: One of which is enormous, maybe four feet tall, about as big as well be slightly bigger than well be, um,
Tim Sackton: The other is a
Tim Sackton: Relatively small and compact, but with an elaborately decorated cover.
Tim Sackton: And the third almost seems to be falling apart in place like almost like if you touch it, it would disintegrate and that's another sort of normal sized thick tome
Mike Sackton: If there's something about different about the chains of these books like that would explain why they weren't taken are they more solidly attached than others, or something.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: So going and looking a little bit. These three seem to be some most of the chains have chain links.
Tim Sackton: So most of these just
Tim Sackton: Have a most of the chains are like there's like a walking Mac. There's like an iron bar and then they can be locked to the bar. What's different about these three, which doesn't take very much time to discern is that these three chains have no there's no lock. There's no
Tim Sackton: The chain itself seems to the top of the chain seems to be embedded directly into the stone of the shelf.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like the chain is coming out of the shelf, whereas the rest are sort of looped around this this bar and there's no way to unlock it. There's no mechanism by which it could be detached from the book in any clear way.
Mike Sackton: What are the books.
Tim Sackton: Um, so
Tim Sackton: Let's see how you can read any language.
Tim Sackton: The so well well dealt with is like reading these three books. What are the rest of you who came down the stairs want to do
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm interested in this, this stonework
Eric Rosenbaum: Have I seen marble worked in this way before or is it a magical process.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: So, it is, it does not seem to urban to you at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, it seems it
Tim Sackton: Does seem almost like the
Tim Sackton: It's either a very, very skilled Carver or something magical stone itself was sort of pulled into these shapes or or sort of grown in this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotta learn how to do this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Particular
Spectacular.
Tim Sackton: Ah, wow, be do you want to do anything. Well,
Rev. David: Yeah, I think I want to look for any like anything hidden. Is there like a section of the shelves, or a cleverly concealed drawer in this table, things are
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a perception check
Tim Sackton: So Tao. If you are. I'm like looking through these, these three books. So the first the enormous one, the one that's four feet tall.
Tim Sackton: Is written in giant
Tim Sackton: And just by like flipping through the first few pages and looking at
Tim Sackton: The title and everything. It's a, it's a collection called tales before the fall
Tim Sackton: Which seems to be from very quick skimming unless you want to spend more time reading it. I'm a collection of legendary histories of giants from before the age of creation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow. Whoa.
Mike Sackton: How many people would be able to read giants.
Tim Sackton: Not very many at all.
Mike Sackton: So decent chance that the that the charge Tony and thieves wouldn't have even known what this was.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the very big look
Kate Sackton: At myself.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: Are these just from like reading the first like I'll just skim and look at the first couple sentences like, if it's divided into tales. I want to read like the first half paragraph of 10 or so of them. Are these like stories that
Mike Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: Dealt with would have heard in his. Are these, like, Is this like a fascinating undiscovered history of the dawn ages. That would be a amazing piece of information are they like legends that have been told by elves to their children or things like that.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: You recognize there's nothing, at least from the brief skimming you're doing. There's nothing
Tim Sackton: Sort of super novel like you've heard bits and pieces of these before. But what's unusual about these as they seem to be written from the perspective of giants. Right.
Tim Sackton: Which often
Tim Sackton: Is quite conflicting with what you have.
Tim Sackton: Learned as the sort of received history of the of the age of creation.
Mike Sackton: Right. Um,
Tim Sackton: But you don't really have a lot of time to
Tim Sackton: read them carefully.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there any illustrations or runes.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: So yeah, so down with us flipping through pretty carefully. I'm
Tim Sackton: Pretty quickly, but each yes each story. Each tell it like it's set up in in sections where each one has a tail and that each tell starts with kind of a rote rote beginning in in in that sort of little like there's like a sort of pattern a sort of
Tim Sackton: Rhythm of how the story starts that kind of places it in in contacts based on the people that came before. And the people that came after since there's no real reckoning of years before.
Tim Sackton: You know, since this is before the beginning of the count of years.
Tim Sackton: And then the story is a story will go on for a number of pages written in the giant script, but then each story ends with usually like with a design.
Tim Sackton: Sort of not like a drawing of anything but like abstract art almost that usually has one or a few ruins embedded in the in the description of the art.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like I am
Eric Rosenbaum: stick your hand out when della flips to one of those say wait. I'm curious about that and I
Eric Rosenbaum: Move a hand over it and say, maybe I could copy it down. So I'll just quickly sketch. Okay, things
Tim Sackton: After down with is when Dallas turns over turns to the other two books you start sketching a few giant ruins down
Tim Sackton: So that's the other, the one that's not falling apart.
Tim Sackton: Is written in a car in which is even rarer language than giant. This is pre drink or this is like the Fallen civilization.
Mike Sackton: That was like rise people right
Tim Sackton: Those were rise people. Yes.
What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were
Mike Sackton: What they found one month they were the half else the waitress.
Tim Sackton: Like, yes, the half elves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And this is a work called the journey of souls.
Tim Sackton: Which
Tim Sackton: Is
Tim Sackton: very dense philosophical treaties.
Tim Sackton: And all you can really get without spending, you know, a while.
Tim Sackton: Delving into it, is that it seems to be talking about something about the great river of souls and the theory that all the domains of the afterlife are connected by some great river.
Tim Sackton: But there's not a lot you can more you can glean from it than that.
Tim Sackton: And then the third one.
Tim Sackton: Ah, as you go to pick it up. I'm gonna have you make a decks jack
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, just book things
Tim Sackton: So you very carefully sort of move it super delicate um
Tim Sackton: This is also car and predating drink are written in the same language. And it's called on the ordering of giants and it seems to be sort of a natural history of sorts of the kinds of giants and their habits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, neat.
Mike Sackton: Huh.
Tim Sackton: So there's a section talking about stone giants and a section talking about fire giants and a section talking about storm giants and Cloud giants, but it's takes a long time to read the pages or this one is falling to pieces like it requires care to turn each page.
Right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what time is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a storm giant
Tim Sackton: Yeah, in that was your hypothesis.
Mike Sackton: Does the section stormed i mean
Mike Sackton: I would like to spend a few minutes, read it, I know it takes a long time to read, but I just spend a little bit of time actually reading this one.
Mike Sackton: Okay, specifically trying to see if
Mike Sackton: It is
Mike Sackton: If it has any information about how you might trap a giant
Mike Sackton: Like is this possibly a book that would have helped the crazy wizard dude constructed spell and cake.
Eric Rosenbaum: gleaning from
It.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: How long do you want to spend
Mike Sackton: Well,
Mike Sackton: What else
Eric Rosenbaum: Chains
Mike Sackton: I mean, unless somebody can break metal who can break up two inch thick metal bar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: giant hammer
Rev. David: We can put the pages out of the box.
Mike Sackton: That's true, why not just cut. Why would the Chinese have just cut the
Mike Sackton: pages out of the things
Eric Rosenbaum: They might have taken hundreds of other things.
Mike Sackton: They might not read a car or giant
Tim Sackton: Mistake very likely wouldn't read either of these languages.
Mike Sackton: That seemed yeah okay um
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean,
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's as more likely they'd read giant then right like nobody read
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm a curious about the fire giants as well.
Mike Sackton: So I assume other people have other useful things to go do
Mike Sackton: I'm going to, I'm happy to spend like
Tim Sackton: So you could just sit and read
Mike Sackton: That's my plan.
Rev. David: So I've been searching but Corley doesn't turn up.
Tim Sackton: Um, so you don't find any hidden
Tim Sackton: You know, any hidden
Tim Sackton: Compartments or secret doors or anything like that, um,
Tim Sackton: You do the one thing you do find though is that there
Tim Sackton: There is sort of wedge down underneath one of the shelves, sort of like almost like kicked
Mike Sackton: Underneath
Tim Sackton: A corner of the shelf a small
Tim Sackton: Volume like like a half size.
Tim Sackton: Half size book a thin book that seems to have just gotten like knocked over and forgotten or something like that. Um, and it's a it seems to be written in our flesh.
Rev. David: Oh, handed over to do it another one.
Mike Sackton: What's this one.
Tim Sackton: So this is a small volume of Elvis poetry. Poetry called lyrics of a new age by the elven poet Dalloway.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: It's it's small. There's maybe 40 3040 poems in here.
Tim Sackton: It's not, you're not a particularly studied student of Elvis.
Tim Sackton: literary history or anything like that, or a poet, particularly so um
Tim Sackton: It's not, it's not something is not when you've heard before, but it is um
Tim Sackton: You know, flipping through it quickly not taking more than a minute it's, it seems to be not like the sort of traditional Elvis poems of like long epics, or, you know, traditional forms, but
Tim Sackton: Shorter works that sort of play around with spacing and arranging words on the page. And, you know, writing vertically instead of horizontally and things like that, too. I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: A fellow Cummings.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, basically.
Rev. David: What it means to us for
Mike Sackton: Free
Tim Sackton: It's actually coming just
Tim Sackton: But it seems to just be a book of poetry. You don't know anything about this person, like when here.
Mike Sackton: Live door or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: But you can take it if you want.
Mike Sackton: I'll keep it if
Tim Sackton: Lyrics evaluate
Last
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the author bio page is missing.
Tim Sackton: The dust jacket. You didn't find the dust jacket, just the book itself.
Tim Sackton: But there doesn't seem to be much else to find in the library.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim or they're disappearing on your zoom. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Do you see too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So we know it's about 20 minutes so far.
Eric Rosenbaum: I missed that part of your description, but you're going to do. Okay.
Tim Sackton: So whenever it gets every 30 minutes or so all them. And if I get one, something will happen.
Rev. David: But let's blow.
Tim Sackton: So there's the other. There's another
Tim Sackton: So down with us gonna stay here and
Rev. David: Other room.
Tim Sackton: There's another room on this floor and then so going down, down with discuss so you know what's on the first floor in the second floor because down with came up as far as the library before jumping out the window.
Tim Sackton: The second floor is a quarter with three doors on one side and four door and one door on the other that dealt with then try to open any door on the first floor is like totally trashed.
Um,
Tim Sackton: But you never went into the so the stairs down are also in the library. You never went into the other room. So you could go into the other room if you want
Eric Rosenbaum: The room.
Tim Sackton: Okay, um,
Tim Sackton: So this is
Tim Sackton: You step in to the other room.
Tim Sackton: And what you're presented with is a
Tim Sackton: So the floor. It's a, it's almost like stepping into a work of art. The floor itself is multicolored cues.
Tim Sackton: different shades of red and purple and green sort of mixing together swirling in the in the floor.
Tim Sackton: The, ah,
Tim Sackton: So Windows here are not sort of the normal sort of square cut narrow windows of a tower, but
Tim Sackton: almost looked like marble net
Tim Sackton: Like there's like, you know, she's all trays through them so that they almost form like
Tim Sackton: A net and marble and every time the wind blows, you can hear faint chimes and the colors and the floor shift in response to the movement of the air.
Tim Sackton: In a few spots throughout the room there's short stone pillars of different heights each have different Polish stone.
Tim Sackton: And around the base of each pillar sort of curving stone benches sort of curving outward so sitting on them gives a view of the room.
Tim Sackton: It's almost, if anything, it's like a wind garden or a wind in stone garden or something like that. I'm
I'm
Tim Sackton: There is nothing here except for these sort of benches and places to sit in the end the art in this sort of decoration, but the effect is like
Tim Sackton: Nothing you've seen before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa, how is this floor changing color is that magic.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: You don't really know
Tim Sackton: You don't have the deck magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the window. Give a view of
Tim Sackton: It's just a view. So this is directly below the platform. So it's a view out over the plane.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing unexpected in the view.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll sit on the benches.
Tim Sackton: It's surprisingly comfortable and like
Tim Sackton: You know, as you sit on the bench. You can see the the sort of view so as there's one that's sort of blue granite one that's pink courts and when that's kind of a speckled like felts bar type thing like a darker red. And as you sit down, whichever when you sit down the
Tim Sackton: Light almost seems to take on a slight hue of the color of the of the mineral itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meaning or system to the use of the different stones.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: It seems are tested. Like, it seems like it was chosen for the
Tim Sackton: visual effect and not for anything else.
Kate Sackton: And never an amazing wizard. I will build a room like this or steal this one, but I think that we should keep exploring. I'm going to go all the way down to the ransacked first floor and just
Tim Sackton: Dealt with didn't have much time. Okay. Um,
Tim Sackton: So that was reading residents gonna poke around the first floor well being and seeker heading down to the
Eric Rosenbaum: Second floor. Yeah.
Rev. David: Exactly what up for another
Tim Sackton: Okay, um,
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Let's see here.
Eric Rosenbaum: as efficiently as we can, while paying maximum attention to geological or
Tim Sackton: stonework base to die. Yes. One second. Hold on, I'm just typing a message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As time passes, can I continue to make wisdom checks to see see or or
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm sending you a message. Hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I was just typing a message to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think we're gonna have answered one of the questions in my secrets journal witchcraft, Jen.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is going on with the weird storm to the west of ravens holds
Tim Sackton: Oh, hey.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is my one important below that was the Centaurs thought it was weird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Way. But what do we think that what's the hypothesis.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something, Something giant
Mike Sackton: Was there another storm the storm or in. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but that's the storm or is like the giants consciousness. Right.
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, you're trapped by wizard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anchored
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To tower like it. It is a storm giant like it's like the. It's like the
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. But he's lost control of it.
Mike Sackton: And if we free him, he'll gain control of it and fly back to giant land.
Rev. David: Could destroy
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Well, you know, just destroy charted seems drastic. They're not like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if, what if he is looking for his eyes and like fucking like goes bananas and then
Mike Sackton: We don't know the stores is about. It's
Mike Sackton: Really pretty likely, I guess.
Rev. David: And our hypothesis is that when they saw the eyes is when he woke up in the storm and everything started
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Hypothesis.
Mike Sackton: Basically that he was stuck in his dream world. This peacefully stuck in his dream world until
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Someone stole his eyes.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you steal his
A
Kate Sackton: Magical gem power sources of some magical statue that they came across, and I was like, when
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: OK, so
Tim Sackton: The quarter here. So it's a straight quarter three doors on one side one door on the other.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: Doors on the side. The three to the that has three doors are
Tim Sackton: Wide one is like slightly ajar, the one closest to you and the other two.
Tim Sackton: Are just sort of plane would and shut the one door is more elaborate. It's like wood and iron sort of band together in a in a elaborate decoration.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: So the three small rooms. The long the, the three doors all of those doors are easy to open.
Tim Sackton: So do you want to search those rooms. First, none of them are locked
Tim Sackton: So give me I guess three Perception checks.
Rev. David: You want each of those separately for lesser one of those with advantage.
Rev. David: I
Tim Sackton: One of you with advantage.
Tim Sackton: So you can roll all of those with advantage.
Tim Sackton: So this is confusing when 2345 625 1326 okay
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty, pretty
Eric Rosenbaum: Detective
Um,
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Can you can you see the dice rolling on roll 20 rule 15
Mike Sackton: To eight and up.
Mike Sackton: To eight and five, no one's
Eric Rosenbaum: Plenty of time.
Tim Sackton: Plenty of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: To have a snack thinking, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so the first the first room.
Tim Sackton: Is was perhaps like an apprentice quarters or something like that. There's two small beds that are up again, you know, pressed against the wall, an empty chess otherwise empty.
Tim Sackton: Everything in here is buggy and in crumbling and further, it seems to have been disturbed recently, like the
Tim Sackton: The chat, the chest is falling apart sup the chest was like kicked open is crumbling and and sort of has collapsed in place. I'm nothing else defined it seems to have been relatively well looted in the recent past.
Tim Sackton: The middle rum.
Tim Sackton: Was again is easy to open and and
Tim Sackton: Similarly, seems like
Tim Sackton: Has been recently looted um
Tim Sackton: There's a few bad. There's the outline of beds that are now sort of bug eaten in of crumbled to dust as somebody like recently seems to have investigated and poked around them.
Tim Sackton: So one fine. You see that could indicate this things use is that you do see a couple of long swords rusting.
Tim Sackton: That were perhaps at one point in chests or otherwise kind of
Tim Sackton: Here, indicating. This might have been a guard room of some kind.
Tim Sackton: These are
Tim Sackton: Neither
Tim Sackton: I guess if you want to investigate. You can take them to Rusty long SWORDS OR investigate them more or
Just move on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: Third ROM is the seems to actually have been, by far, the smallest but seems to be the most intact, because it has no windows, and so it was better protected from the elements. Um, there's a small
Tim Sackton: Here and a small open
Tim Sackton: Does the desk against one wall.
Tim Sackton: Which one to do it. This was a 26 okay so well. Like the other rooms that seems to have been searched recently. I'm a
Tim Sackton: few scraps of paper seems to seem to have been left behind in the desk like there was a cursory search that was done, but the stuff that was kind of wedged into a corner of the desk was not taken
Tim Sackton: These are three notes all written in drink Korean on relatively good quality paper to have survived.
Tim Sackton: Can you neither of you can read drink Korean no political okay
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
Tim Sackton: Need to
Tim Sackton: Know you decided you knew drink right and that was one of your quantum languages.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, I can't read that. Well anyways, I'm busy trying to keep it. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Can you see my message, by the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: In the south.
Tim Sackton: The door to the large room is not locked, but
Tim Sackton: Will not open
Tim Sackton: It just doesn't move when you try to open that
Rev. David: We open
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Its
Tim Sackton: It's not moving.
Tim Sackton: You lean on the door you like push it and nothing's happening.
Rev. David: Search for hidden taps catches alternate access to the side of the tower.
Rev. David: RF ID readers.
Tim Sackton: Okay, give me another Perception check actually yeah yeah perception.
Mike Sackton: The doorman if
Tim Sackton: The door is made of wood with sort of wrought iron decorations and this is like sort of swirling shape of a of a almost like a wave kind of curling up um
Mike Sackton: I know that everyone doesn't have like a keyhole or anything like that. What's the
Tim Sackton: Know there's like a door knob. I don't know how to doors open has a knob right there. You can push on it. But there's no keyhole doesn't appear to be locked
Eric Rosenbaum: To tread pulling
Mike Sackton: You try pushing
Tim Sackton: Yeah, doesn't open
Eric Rosenbaum: I put my my ear up to it and knock
Tim Sackton: Nothing happens.
Rev. David: Is it actually a door. This isn't just like coupler so
Tim Sackton: It seems to actually be a door. I mean,
Tim Sackton: That that hinges, there's like a crack underneath.
Rev. David: It.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can look to the crack. There's, like, I mean there's light coming in from the window. Oh, it's night so
Tim Sackton: But I guess you're carrying your drift globe, you must be otherwise you will see anything. So, um, there's windows on the other side. There's, like, I mean, there's like a it's hard to see much, but it seems like
Mike Sackton: You should come to
Tim Sackton: Our bedroom or something.
Tim Sackton: Some sort of bedchamber or study or something like that on the other side.
Tim Sackton: But you can't you can't get much detail just from looking under the crack, but definitely a room there though it's not like
Tim Sackton: Fourth, or a really good illusion and
Rev. David: There's not like
A wall.
Rev. David: Going to bring this bring paper backed up and see if others have ideas.
This
Mike Sackton: Have I learned anything at this point, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yes, hold on this splitting the party into four pieces is not easy on the GM
Mike Sackton: I know, I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're doing good.
Tim Sackton: I gotta do resin before and then we'll reconvene on the
Tim Sackton: On the library floor, but first I have to send a message to to Ken's oh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we think that do we think that I think that we have to go to chart and eventually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chunks okay just abandon the Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I mean,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, you're right.
Mike Sackton: We're supposed to meet. What's your name Awash
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alessia
Mike Sackton: in like a week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, after that, though, because that though. I mean, you know, I think if they if they've if they've got this sorted it feels like you know going to chart and to get this dude's eyes feels
Mike Sackton: You just want revenge.
Rev. David: But if we move fast we can catch up with the thieves before they get there.
Mike Sackton: They were a month ahead of us.
Rev. David: We walk this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the deal with the grave murders have a grave.
Mike Sackton: Like yeah, one of them died.
Mike Sackton: Right. I think there was three of them. And one of them was probably killed by the giants, but the evil, you know, by the fact that they woke this giant
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should try to find some like thing just some identifier in the grave. So we like.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we dug up the body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, but we should grant other they've got like a, you know,
Mike Sackton: We shouldn't see if there's like, you know, the dog tags or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly where the Packers lessons.
Tim Sackton: So resin on the first floor.
Tim Sackton: You make a perception jack
Tim Sackton: Um, I mean this this floor is a mass
Tim Sackton: What you can tell is that there are
Tim Sackton: So this seems like it was once like the main hall, there's a large hearth on the, on the, on the floor. There's like there were tapestries there's
Tim Sackton: You know table and chairs that have been smashed, but now it looks like just scattered rubble scattered bits of wood bits of stone.
Tim Sackton: Almost like a tornado has blasted through this place, um,
Tim Sackton: There are, you know, there's a few
Tim Sackton: There's like to sort of side runs that are
Tim Sackton: Perhaps once had doors and intact walls. But now are sort of
Tim Sackton: Broken through
Tim Sackton: One.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps a pantry or store room to old wooden chests that are open an empty.
Tim Sackton: One. Perhaps the kitchen. It's kind of kitchen with a small hearth, the wreckage of tables and shelves.
Tim Sackton: And it seems like the wall in the doorway were like blown inwards recently. Well, recently ish and the wall has been destroyed, but you know without spending a lot more time sort of digging through the
Tim Sackton: The sort of fragments here. The best you can find are few pieces of faded tapestry that have shredded that you could take with you if you want it, but there's
Tim Sackton: There's not a lot else to
Tim Sackton: To uncover a lot of it has been sort of just shattered to pieces.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Returning back to the library. We're now so first dealt with in the, in the, like 1520 minutes that you've been reading focusing on the storm giants. I'm
Tim Sackton: So this is sort of written in the style of of like almost like a natural history like somebody imagined observations.
Mike Sackton: Of right
Tim Sackton: These different kinds of giants and
Tim Sackton: You know, the, the things that you're able to sort of pick up here about storm guides. One is that it is clearly the case that one of the things that I'm that this book describes is the ability of
Tim Sackton: Particularly elder powerful storm giants to transform themselves into physical manifestations of storms and this is partly
Tim Sackton: A way to travel quickly from place to place, but also partly a way to, you know,
Tim Sackton: Escape, and to
Tim Sackton: You know, threaten and control.
Tim Sackton: People they want to threaten and control.
Tim Sackton: But this is not every storm giant. This is just the more the most powerful ones right
Tim Sackton: As far as like a way that one would specifically trap giants. There doesn't seem to be
Tim Sackton: There doesn't seem to be much information about
Tim Sackton: This, this is really much more about it. It's more about sort of giants as seen in the wild, that type of thing. Right, so, um, you pick up a few other you know a few other
Tim Sackton: Bits and pieces of information. So you do find a reference to
Tim Sackton: To trading omens, in particular that storm giants are are concerned, among all more concerned, then, you know, compared to many other giants about
Tim Sackton: You know prophecy and omens and seeing the future in the past.
Tim Sackton: They
Tim Sackton: In many ways,
Tim Sackton: Well, at least, many of them supposedly devote much of their time or much of their lives to collecting these omens, whether this is the sort of human Wizards of car sort of speculated
Tim Sackton: Ratings because you know they're trying to find when the giant kingdoms will repeat be reborn, or what. Right. But clearly, there's a connection to omens
Tim Sackton: Storm giants are also seen as the most powerful and the strongest and if anything that sort of leaders of all giant kind
Tim Sackton: So they are both in their own imagining, but also in the imagining of humans and other giants, the sort of pinnacle, the sort of most true expression of giant kind in some sense.
Tim Sackton: You know whether fire giants agree with that or stone giants is a little bit unclear, but they do seem to be notably strong and large compared to other agents.
Mike Sackton: Are there any notes. Like, is there any notes in the margins, or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: Um, yeah, there's the occasional
Tim Sackton: Occasional notes in in drink Korean
Tim Sackton: So marginality of various kinds, but mostly sort of
Tim Sackton: You know, highlighting bits and sort of cryptic
Tim Sackton: You know exclamations, and there's not a lot of it's clear that somebody has read and studied this book I drink Korean
Tim Sackton: But there's not a lot of
Mike Sackton: There's not like one circled section that says this is how you trap a stone chat storm giant
Now,
Tim Sackton: That the part about giants transforming into storms is
Tim Sackton: Clearly has been read many times, and there's pieces of that underlined and there's, you know,
Tim Sackton: Notes in the margin about
You know,
Tim Sackton: Could this be of interest.
Mike Sackton: A physical description of storm giants.
Tim Sackton: Um, yeah. So storm giants, the other. So the other thing you learned is that storm giants. Well, many storm giants prefer the high mountains or other stormy places other storm giants live under the water.
Tim Sackton: And the two sort of branches of storm giant don't often look quite different. With the ones living underwater. I'm having, you know, less hair and sort of smoother skin and
Tim Sackton: You know, whereas the ones living on top of mountains, often with, you know, long hair, put up in a top not purplish grey skin.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is, do we have an underwater one
Eric Rosenbaum: He's bald Disney
Tim Sackton: The statue is ball but the one you saw in his memories had long hair up at the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And the actual physical giant is has had Raggedy pair unkempt Raggedy hair.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he's not ocean done
Tim Sackton: Now, but he does this description. I mean, does seem like a storm giant from from the description that you get in this book.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so at that point, um,
Tim Sackton: It's been about it's been about 20 minutes since um
Tim Sackton: Since everybody left the
Tim Sackton: Room. Rom. And you all reconvene risen to a presuming you will have backup after having searched
Tim Sackton: Downstairs as much as you could.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Can I click Search didn't turn up much ago
Tim Sackton: So reconvene at the at the library floor.
Mike Sackton: What are the notes say
Tim Sackton: Ah, yes. Um, okay.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Okay, here's I'm just gonna message you
Tim Sackton: I guess you could lead you might you presumably just read them aloud. So I'll just read them. So the first is, I'm a note written in drink Korean
Tim Sackton: Says, um, and it seems to have been like, sort of, again, this is sort of
Tim Sackton: Scrambled bit of the
Tim Sackton: Recent notes that were messages and letters that were sent to the tower, this, this is clearly a letter that was written and and passed along by some messenger mail service.
Tim Sackton: Says tell you dominance. That will arrive in two weeks time we expect to speak to the capture being whom you call cronk are
Tim Sackton: The occult Luton will be overjoyed to hear the binding seems to have worked, but tell you don't have to be cautious above. I'll keep the secret.
Tim Sackton: giants are dangerous and all their forms, even to us and binding a storm giant at the peak of their power is the most dangerous business of all
Tim Sackton: The second one is another message.
Tim Sackton: Written in the same hand.
Tim Sackton: Says I hope this message finds you alive. You must awfully west as quickly as possible. There's no time to worry about wrong car head west charted may be safe.
Tim Sackton: A plague of great magical power has struck struck the emperor's already dead. Several magistrate teleported to safety. The where they have gone as unknown drank ours drink water has fallen in the east is in chaos, I fear that dangerous bidding quickly and this may be the end of us all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait.
Tim Sackton: And then the third seems to be a record of payments receipts of wine oil, salt, spices, I'm
Tim Sackton: A record of what was going in what was being purchased by the inhabitants of this of this tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fall of drink or was
Quite some time ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: 800 years ago or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, roughly six 700 years ago.
Mike Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: You saw rum with the door, you couldn't get through.
We did.
Rev. David: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I
Mike Sackton: Think I'll try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To pick
Mike Sackton: Now it just wouldn't open. There was no
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: Maybe this may be a horrible, horrible mistake.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good.
Mike Sackton: But I am going to walk through the crack at the bottom.
Mike Sackton: And finish this over missed and appear inside the room.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, but out of style slots.
I know
Tim Sackton: So you can't get back
Mike Sackton: Well, I could rest for an hour. I'm hoping I could find a way to open the door.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will destroy any to
Tim Sackton: Grow
Tim Sackton: With you.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: He definitely brought the rope with him. Okay.
Who does mom.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so this this um
Tim Sackton: This is a surprisingly intact.
Tim Sackton: bedchamber.
Tim Sackton: There's a bed of wardrobe, a small table and chair and a chest and there's like a divider that splits the room with the sort of
Tim Sackton: southern half of the room beings like a bedroom and the other half being a study
Tim Sackton: There are tapestries that hang between and there's three windows that look out over the planes are over though granite, um, that's, that's one floor down. Oh, but last time when you jumped you misty stepped which helped you not take a ton of damage. Interesting. Um,
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: There's tapestries that hang between the windows and then there's two paintings that are hanging on either side of the door on that wall.
Um,
Tim Sackton: As far as you can tell, like looking around to all appearances. This is like the study in bed chamber of a
Tim Sackton: At least well off, if not rich, Lord.
Tim Sackton: But it's clearly suffered like the furniture and art is all bug eaten, and it's sort of badly, whether the tapestries in particular are
Tim Sackton: You know, sort of,
Tim Sackton: So warning, whether it's hard to tell what they're supposed to be.
Tim Sackton: The furniture itself seems like it would practically disintegrate. If you touched it. And the whole areas dusty and seems to have not been disturbed for
Tim Sackton: Hundreds of years like there's a thick layer of dust over everything. No footprints or anything in this room.
Mike Sackton: So I would like to search it relatively thoroughly to look for
Mike Sackton: Hidden valuables like
Mike Sackton: Secret compartments under the banner. And did you say there was a
Tim Sackton: There's a wardrobe.
Mike Sackton: Wardrobe. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So like, I'd like to see what's in the chest.
Rev. David: And what you will, will be will knock on the door from outside.
Mike Sackton: First of all, does the door open.
Tim Sackton: Are you here, why be knocking. Nope.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so the door doesn't open from this side, guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if there's like a magic code word, you have to say to open the door. It seems to be, I guess it's you don't us as bedchamber.
Rev. David: Respect to just break it.
Rev. David: Like if you hit is enough or just fallen.
Tim Sackton: It might
Kate Sackton: Actually try. I mean, probably the church gains tried. They seem to have all the time in the world to breakfast before they took off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or did
Rev. David: You eat for breakfast.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can. I mean, you could attempt to smash it. I'm
Tim Sackton: It doesn't like, you know, you take a swing at it with your hammer it doesn't, it's not like you know the wood itself is unlike all the other wood in here. Not like rotten and turning to dust. Right. Like it's solid material.
Mike Sackton: So how far down from the top of the
Mike Sackton: How far up the window. I mean, from the window. How far down is it to the ground.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: It's not that it's maybe 25 feet down
Mike Sackton: Now, well, so I'll just jump 25 feet.
Mike Sackton: DON'T SEEM TOO BAD. Anyway, I want to look in the chest first
Mike Sackton: I searched the place
Tim Sackton: So, so give me a perception check
Tim Sackton: Okay, so a few things that you you find searching
Tim Sackton: And let's see, as you're searching
Mike Sackton: I'm since my visibility is probably up because I assume that's been an hour.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're in visibility.
Mike Sackton: I'd like us face site.
Mike Sackton: To search
Tim Sackton: Okay, that takes you 10 minutes
Mike Sackton: To act ball all. Yes, I know. Is it worth it. Is it worth taking 10 minutes to be able to see magic.
Rev. David: Search first and then search again.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll search first
Mike Sackton: Can I enter. Can I activate face site while I'm searching now right
Tim Sackton: Now you have to concentrate
Tim Sackton: Or you guys are getting lucky here.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: plenty, plenty of time.
Mike Sackton: Bye.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: A few things that you see, first of all, there's the two paintings. One is a portrait of a man wearing silver robes holding a staff against a sort of plain black background.
Tim Sackton: Yes, like sharp Angular features short dark hair brown eyes and is wearing a medallion on a silver chain with an insignia that's not painted in enough detail for you to quite make out.
Tim Sackton: And the second is a landscape of mountains rising from a lush rolling grassland full of flowers and each one's about two feet by three feet and set in a wooden frame.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: There's also a mirror hanging on the wall, which I forgot to mention, um, and by the side of the bad there's like
Tim Sackton: Like sort of at the foot of the bed. There's like a sort of a
Tim Sackton: How would I describe it. There's like a small like almost like a statue of a hand that's holding out something and in the hand, there's a
Tim Sackton: Black Stone. That's like sort of fused sculpted into the, into this don't have the statue.
Mike Sackton: I'll describe this all through the doors.
Tim Sackton: On the top of the wardrobes there's two decorative vases each about a foot tall one depicting a giant and a dragon in combat with each other, the other a giant standing in front of all volcano with his arms up as well. The volcano erupts with lava.
Tim Sackton: That chest has six pouches of silver and copper coins. I'm a face on one side.
Tim Sackton: Ah, in total, about
Tim Sackton: Heavy chest. This is probably about
Tim Sackton: 15 pounds of silver and 40 pounds of copper
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Um, I might just throw that out the
Tim Sackton: Window and get
Mike Sackton: There a false bottom and
Tim Sackton: take a bit of time to
Tim Sackton: Now, there's no false bottom. And when you open the chest, it kind of falls apart a little bit, um,
Tim Sackton: The wardrobe is almost completely empty. Everything that was once in here. Um,
Tim Sackton: Seems to have just kind of disintegrated away and there's like just that sort of mass of
Tim Sackton: Like bits of tattered pieces of Mafia and clothes and and things like that, um,
Tim Sackton: Ah, what you what you do see though is at the bottom of the wardrobe there does seem to be one item that sort of intact, which is, um,
Tim Sackton: They look almost like goggles with purple crystal crystal lenses with
Tim Sackton: The lenses set into leather frames that you could like put over your eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I've been looking for those
Tim Sackton: They look like to you like something seeker would make
Tim Sackton: Ah, so that's about it for what you can find in the room, um,
Mike Sackton: I will chat being there's he said there's six bags of silver and gold.
Silver nervous.
Tim Sackton: Um, yeah. So there's like two ah
Tim Sackton: Pouches of silver and for of copper
Tim Sackton: The silver somewhat lighter. The copper each one might weigh about 10 pounds. The silver each one might weigh about to live.
Mike Sackton: Check them out the window.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, sure. I mean, they the back disintegrate as you throw them out the window. This is like fine. So there's now a giant scattering of thousands of coins on the ground below.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm Bill was I'm interested in those decorative vases, certainly in them.
Mike Sackton: Is there.
Tim Sackton: Are no there are
Mike Sackton: All right, I think I'm going to take the test. So is there anything nothing under the bed.
Tim Sackton: Nothing under the bad
Mike Sackton: Does this hand thing.
Mike Sackton: Is it attached to anything.
Tim Sackton: No, but it's heavy. Hit probably weighs 30 pounds. It's tough to left.
Mike Sackton: And there's no, like,
Mike Sackton: He said this three windows.
Tim Sackton: Three windows. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Mike Sackton: Pocket the goggles. I'm going to take 10 minutes to walk again with face eight
Okay.
Mike Sackton: We can't hear you towards
Rev. David: This basement level of the building. Right.
First floor slow. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, there's something down there.
Tim Sackton: The, the mirror and the stone or both magical
Mike Sackton: But not the goddess.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the goggles are magical
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The goggles, they do something
Mike Sackton: The stone like the big heavy stone.
Tim Sackton: The big heavy stone. Yes.
Mike Sackton: What kind of magic.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: The big heavy stone is
Hold on one sec.
Mike Sackton: How big is the tensor coin.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you could easily pass that on there.
Mike Sackton: And if I push up the window, does it
Mike Sackton: Fall or float.
Tim Sackton: You've never tried that before. That is a good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: It will fall.
Tim Sackton: That stone is transportation
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: The mirror is divination.
Mike Sackton: Over the goggles.
Tim Sackton: The goggles are
Tim Sackton: Also divination.
Divination
Mike Sackton: So the real question is, if
Mike Sackton: If there's a way to without opening the door.
Mike Sackton: Somehow get these things out the window with this don't fit out the window.
Kate Sackton: We can just trust that no one else will be able to get in the door will work on. And when we come back with progress if we can get these things.
Tim Sackton: Um, um, no, I don't think you would have to somehow find a way to disassemble it in order to, like, remove the sort of black part that's sitting on top of the hand the hand itself would not fit out the window.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so I'm gonna, can I take the tenses disc, it just activates with the command word right yep
Mike Sackton: If I just hold it up at the ceiling and activate it. And then what go what happens
Tim Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: When the whole back of your head.
Mike Sackton: Well, I don't want it to fall in my head.
Mike Sackton: But approximately that yes
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Nothing.
Mike Sackton: Like it doesn't it doesn't open
Tim Sackton: Know it just doesn't move.
Tim Sackton: In mobile when you are near at
Mike Sackton: So, it stays floating high up.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so can I, if I put it out the window and activate it. Can I climb out onto it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says it can't cross elevation change of 10 feet or more
Tim Sackton: Know,
Tim Sackton: If you yeah I'm
Tim Sackton: You cannot if you so well now it's active, but you can, um,
Tim Sackton: It doesn't
Mike Sackton: It won't actually
Tim Sackton: Over if it's more than 10 feet from the ground.
Tim Sackton: But if you could open the door, it would be a great way to
Mike Sackton: Ask the mirror, how to open the door.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Kate Sackton: Is talking to magic mirrors.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: As you look in the mirror and think about how to open the door.
Tim Sackton: Your reflection fades
Mike Sackton: And instead, like a one shot magical item, and I've wasted the most trivial question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thousands of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: To answer your question.
Tim Sackton: You see the
Tim Sackton: You see the room around you fade and
Tim Sackton: You don't miss. Well, what you presume as you don't miss the person in the painting in the wall appears I'm standing I'm seemingly casting a spell of some sort, on the door.
Tim Sackton: And then saying a name and drink Korean or a word and recording. That doesn't mean anything to you so you presume it's a name and touching it, and
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: And then, um,
Tim Sackton: So, but you can't hear anything. You just see this so you don't hear what the word is but make make a straight intelligence jack
Tim Sackton: You can't figure out what the word is. It's not a word you read well you, you actually don't know. Drink Korean right you can just read that right
Tim Sackton: So, so you see I'm saying a word in some unknown language as he touches the door and it's open, and then I'm
Tim Sackton: The a few other like you see a few other flashes. You see, I'm a
Tim Sackton: Let's say
Tim Sackton: You see a tall elf.
Tim Sackton: I'm standing and opening the door and gazing out
Tim Sackton: The window of this room, you see a
Tim Sackton: Ah, you see a young toddler running
Tim Sackton: Through the door.
Tim Sackton: You see,
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: Older
Tim Sackton: And older man.
Tim Sackton: Not an elf wearing gray robes sort of walking up knocking on the door and the door swings open open from the inside. By hand as somebody you don't recognize or a hand of somebody. I'm a human of some kind.
Tim Sackton: And then the image fades. The mirror returns to reflecting the room.
Mike Sackton: What
Else.
Tim Sackton: Now is drink Aryan is human.
Mike Sackton: But he's presumably stole the tower from an elf.
Mike Sackton: That, to me, felt like a vision of the history of all the people who opened the door.
Tim Sackton: Indeed,
Eric Rosenbaum: That's pretty cool.
Mike Sackton: Is the mirror still magical
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: No.
No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Mike Sackton: That's so mean. Damn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Classic Tim
Eric Rosenbaum: Was there someone
Tim Sackton: There is some residual energy there perhaps if you wait long enough it will gather more energy.
Mike Sackton: Okay, like, it's like a once a week or once a day, kind of thing.
Mike Sackton: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you throw the mirror out the window.
Tim Sackton: It'll probably break here. No, it's like the mirror is like a full size like mirror mounted on the wall. If you I mean you can mount it for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Slide it under the door.
Tim Sackton: Now you probably can't you
Tim Sackton: Know it's
Tim Sackton: Far too thick. I mean, it's like it's like pretty thick. This isn't, this isn't like a paper thin, it's not as thin as a coin.
Tim Sackton: You could get it if you could open the door, you could get it out.
Mike Sackton: And you enlarge reduce the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: hadn't thought of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does work on creatures are objects.
Rev. David: You say site that or does that show you anything.
Tim Sackton: Is the door. Yeah but door is magical
Tim Sackton: The door is definitely magical
Mike Sackton: It'll probably resist your spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. We did try it on the endorphin Gollum thing and it just didn't work at all.
Tim Sackton: Wow golem
Tim Sackton: Typically are completely resistant to anything that would alter their form.
Mike Sackton: This door might not be
Rev. David: That's where the shirt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna turn this door into a similar but smaller door temporarily
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm on
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm on the outside of the door conferring with Dell with about this. So it. What, why are we doing this, what do you need to get out the door. Oh you I guess you want to come out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the mirror.
Mike Sackton: And the mirror and this cool magic hand on a giant Black Rock, all of which I could load up on the sensors disk and carry out. If I could just get out of the door.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're also gonna die from the
Eric Rosenbaum: The storm is his team totally stable Kansas.
Mike Sackton: Kansas often right the giants. Fine.
Rev. David: Eventually,
Tim Sackton: Or do you want to try and shrink the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, yeah. So I concentrate for a moment and draw a face or picture of the door. The air glowing but a smaller door in cast
Produce
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: As he do that. Can you just make a spell casting ability check make a charisma check
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what do I click on to do that.
Mike Sackton: Just click on charisma.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. No, it should be. It should include your provision. So, um,
Kate Sackton: Wait.
Tim Sackton: Does it well. Just make a charisma checking all modified in my head.
Mike Sackton: You guys just click on the spell attack button.
Tim Sackton: Under so click on the spell attack button.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Mike Sackton: So one
Mike Sackton: That's not going to help us.
The door.
Tim Sackton: It does seem to be resisting your spell it shakes, how much can reduce how much does reduce normally target sizes, half in all dimensions.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, so it begins to it begins to shake
Tim Sackton: It begins to like vibrate in its frame and the bottom half of the door slides up but the side dimensions, don't, don't move, and it remains firmly locked in place.
Mike Sackton: How much
Tim Sackton: Does like a three foot. So let's see a six foot door so you have like a like a three foot clearance underneath the door that you could crawl under
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, perfect. Wow.
Rev. David: Walking like doesn't really have to do
Tim Sackton: Well, he doesn't really have to
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll, I'll go into
Tim Sackton: What's the duration of in larger these
Eric Rosenbaum: One minute plenty of time to
Mike Sackton: One minute.
Yo,
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Mike Sackton: Um, I will pass the mirror out underneath.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
And
Mike Sackton: The paintings and the base.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: takes you about a minute.
Mike Sackton: And then I'll slide out
Rev. David: Can I searched the room also
Tim Sackton: In a minute, sure, with roll perception with disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll grab the vase with the
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah, you can take the faces and
Eric Rosenbaum: The fire, Janet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah okay um
Tim Sackton: I mean you're searching really quickly just kind of glancing around before the door slam shot and you're trapped in here as this tell ads. So you don't really see much beyond what I've already described
Tim Sackton: So, as you all roll out underneath the door justice, the spell ends it
Tim Sackton: slams back into place. But you do have the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Tim Sackton: The goggles and the paintings in the face is now this is pretty awkward to maneuver wins.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: But your desk.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you put it on the desk.
Mike Sackton: We'll regroup. When we get, I mean the paintings. We can just cut out of the frames and roll up
Right.
Kate Sackton: Do we need to go get Kenza and get out of here. Now that we've
Kate Sackton: Managed to loot one room that hadn't been
Eric Rosenbaum: looter guys are real bad will show
Up.
Rev. David: Otherwise,
Tim Sackton: Yourself.
Tim Sackton: And you wonder why they took all that stuff as you take all the stuff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't feel good. We're gonna go at all.
Tim Sackton: Where are you heading now.
Mike Sackton: I mean, shouldn't we try and don't we out. So our theory here is that there's nothing I mean we're confident that the eyes were stolen by the chart Tony ins and what we really have to do is hunt down the Charter needs and come back here. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like the case.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, also the timeline fits right because this crazy storm appeared like around the same time that like you know the the Charter and donations for like losing all kinds of weird shit in this area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As y'all remember
Eric Rosenbaum: In the, in the campsite is also about that old right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like
Rev. David: Right. But what's your name will be able to tell us what their path back to turn with me.
Rev. David: Or maybe all of them are like meeting up somewhere before they go back
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those already left, though.
Mike Sackton: For now, she was waiting for a
Mike Sackton: Day. He's guarding our horses.
Rev. David: Deserted left
Mike Sackton: Works. She's already left. Yes. For now, we all have courses.
Rev. David: She took the horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: We still not roll the one that's amazing.
Tim Sackton: Still out all the line.
Tim Sackton: Kenza is working really hard to keep this giant calm.
Hey,
Mike Sackton: So I think we go and see if we can crash the giant iron ball to the ground and then flee.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I can try shattering the marble column heating the middle or both. So anybody have a way to cool something rapidly.
Mike Sackton: What about just the water in the I can use them a chance to talk to the water element, though, and see if it you know
Mike Sackton: splashes the heated iron
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I was thinking to crack this stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: To heat it and then cooler than mad.
Mike Sackton: Irons fairly brutal, isn't it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh, eat it and then pull on it really hard.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking heated and cool it, and then point
Mike Sackton: Where you just eat it. I mean, can you heat metal up to the melting point.
Tim Sackton: You can't melt that
Eric Rosenbaum: It'll get really mad, though.
Tim Sackton: You can make it hot enough to do damage.
Tim Sackton: It'd be
Tim Sackton: More likely to work if you could rapidly cool at which would
Tim Sackton: Probably allow it to would weaken it quite a bit, just making a hot
Tim Sackton: I mean you you aren't going to heat it to the point in which you can when it's like starting to easily bend. Right. So how much stronger. How much weaker, it will make it as a little unclear.
Eric Rosenbaum: How would you rapidly cool it with water.
Kate Sackton: I can shape water. I could I could spot some water on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll heat it and then it at when its maximum heat you
Eric Rosenbaum: Flow as much water onto it all at once as possible so rapidly cool make a big below of steam and then and then at that moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: The very strong member of our of our party is that
Kate Sackton: freeze water.
Kate Sackton: But I can't, I don't think I can move water and then freeze it maybe
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could. I mean, you could chill. You could move the water and chill it so it's cold water splashing it right
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we've we've already got a grappling hook on there. Don't we
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we just, we, we, Paul, I can
Eric Rosenbaum: Give it a go to yank
Kate Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you don't want to
Eric Rosenbaum: Hit Man hit by a
Eric Rosenbaum: Hot magic iron false
Kate Sackton: Well be rapidly cooled true
Tim Sackton: Right. So the idea here is that there's the there's the ball itself, then there's like an iron shaft at the top of the ball. The bottom of the balls connected to that is then embedded into this block of marble.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also have that shatters spell.
Kate Sackton: Booming blade.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: Non magical objects take damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's try the heating, cooling and pulling sequence.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we're here,
Eric Rosenbaum: Kelly.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I stand at a perfectly safe distance
Tim Sackton: Erica.
Eric Rosenbaum: roseman get in position.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast
Eric Rosenbaum: And he little
Tim Sackton: Okay, so the metal begins to heat up.
Tim Sackton: Um, it's enough that you can start to see
Tim Sackton: You know, steam just a little bit of steam as as just the water that's that's even within five or 10 feet is still getting a little, little bit heated I'm
Tim Sackton: Clearly glowing red hot
Eric Rosenbaum: Storm isn't also like heating up or anything.
Tim Sackton: The moment. Nothing seems to be happening because you're both pretty far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So I focus on the the water and I
Kate Sackton: Focus my my reading magic on making it cold and then giving it some motion suitable
Kate Sackton: Make a
Kate Sackton: Chilling sudden splash up against the hot metal
Kate Sackton: And when the splash.
Kate Sackton: crashes into the metal I
Kate Sackton: heave ho on the on the grappling hook group.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make us strength check
Eric Rosenbaum: Here we go.
Kate Sackton: restraint. Oh, right here.
Kate Sackton: Like a saving throw
Tim Sackton: Nope, just as strength check just go up up a tiny bit more until you just get to where it says strength.
Kate Sackton: Or there's a little
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: You yank and it took the hot metal speeding suddenly cooled it begins heating up almost immediately again because the spell is is constant, so you can keep doing this a few more times. But, ah, that one splash does not seem to have
Tim Sackton: Weakened to to to pull on it and and as you as you gain on it though you do see
Tim Sackton: As the steam below is out as the water splashes up moving through that steam that
Tim Sackton: face of the waters snake.
Tim Sackton: lurches off kind of looking around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, but we're well enough back from it to be out of it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're like 5060 feedback.
Tim Sackton: Right, why you can't be. You probably like 40 feedback because of
Tim Sackton: 12345678 yeah so you'd be just like right in the entrance
Eric Rosenbaum: In the doorway there. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: With resin in front of you.
Mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, said a minute ago. Continue.
Kate Sackton: Cycles.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're going to cool it down again. The heat metal lasts a long
Minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So yeah, let's call it again.
Tim Sackton: Okay, making our strength. Check this time with advantage.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: That seems to have been enough and
Tim Sackton: And as you though steam is building around this thing you yank and you hear a crack and the iron ball.
Tim Sackton: Ah thuds into the water and you begin to pull on as way heavier than you thought it then it seems like it should be based on appearances. You're just yanking it and there's steam bellowing around
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: As you begin to like pawn it beginning to drag out of the out of the water.
Tim Sackton: coalescing out of the steam I'm
Tim Sackton: Three.
Tim Sackton: Small
Eric Rosenbaum: Only
Tim Sackton: Creatures begin to appear in this steam and the water snake looks up again and
Tim Sackton: heathens, and they leap into the air and begin to fly towards you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what what kind of creatures.
Tim Sackton: They look like small imps made of steam.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Tim Sackton: Ah, and
Tim Sackton: As each one
Tim Sackton: Begins to reach you, they like release these
Tim Sackton: blasts of
Tim Sackton: Of scalding air out of their mouths, which goes one, two, so I need both of you to both residents secret to make three dexterity saving throws
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my gosh.
Rev. David: I'm still here. I just
Tim Sackton: Saw
Mike Sackton: being killed by impish creatures from the steam.
Eric Rosenbaum: We knocked the ball off the thing but
Mike Sackton: Being attacked
Really
Rev. David: Bad decisions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like all of our bad decisions of the heart paid off, which was just rewarding are bad behavior. I feel like this is like a trump, kind of like, you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Tim Sackton: Ah, so hold on. I gotta
Mike Sackton: Tear bad decisions are manifesting themselves as steam EMS that are burning US TO THE GRAND
Tim Sackton: So, um, let's see. Ah.
Tim Sackton: Where you're saying is, so three
Tim Sackton: So I'm
Tim Sackton: Seeker you take seven points of fire damage and raise when you take five points of fire damage and seeker, you need to roll three Constitution saving throw as as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Tim Sackton: See if you're a spell goes away.
Tim Sackton: So the heat metal spell also fade as you're surprised by the these creatures of coalescing out of the steam and
Tim Sackton: cannot maintain concentration on your spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's get a little bit less steam.
Tim Sackton: Ah, true. So if
Tim Sackton: You're
Tim Sackton: You can attack them or run away or
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know how you attack things that are made out of steam um
Kate Sackton: Anybody have any wind spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting idea.
Mike Sackton: I mean I'll attack him.
Tim Sackton: OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will try to escape around the corner into the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like over here.
Tim Sackton: And there's water snake is like rearing up at this point and sort of
Tim Sackton: So if you've run so you can disengage so you won't get any opportunity attacks.
Tim Sackton: Or you can just run and it'll get to attack you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait, sorry.
Tim Sackton: Disengage you can't cast a spell, but there's only one that could attack you. So
Eric Rosenbaum: I will disengage.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: So then you can move
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so that was
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and attack.
Mike Sackton: Whatever you want to do. I'm all closing here and attack this one.
Mike Sackton: With my
Mike Sackton: Sword and I'll cast booming blade as part of the attack. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Actually, wow.
Mike Sackton: They might be immune to fire damage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, well, I'll try. I'll try green flash blade.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Anything instead of booming played. See if I hit
Eric Rosenbaum: Need like a cold glass surface for them to condense on to
Mike Sackton: Oh, look at that. Great.
Tim Sackton: Ah. OK, so that's
Mike Sackton: Enrolled crap nine damage.
Tim Sackton: Nine damage.
Mike Sackton: Plus green flame played so if they take fire damage. Whoops, I didn't mean to attack again green flame blade does
Mike Sackton: It does.
Mike Sackton: For damage.
Tim Sackton: Ah, they flames that leaf off just kind of get subsumed into their steam and see
Mike Sackton: Okay, nothing.
Tim Sackton: Ah, while we do you want to do anything.
Rev. David: I'm
Rev. David: Shooting one with an arrow. I don't think it's anything but
Rev. David: So,
Tim Sackton: What's your
Attacker oh
Rev. David: That's awesome.
Tim Sackton: 15 damage if you had, um,
Tim Sackton: Yes, that that hits
Tim Sackton: Whoa, um, and you do get sneak attack because of
Rev. David: Advantage study. Amen. People with confessing
Tim Sackton: Right. Um,
Tim Sackton: So yeah, as you as you hit it, your arrow sort of
Tim Sackton: pierces into this this bought the sort of body that's coalescing out of the steam and this and it just bursts.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Whoa, ah, as it bursts. This one right here. Um,
Let's see. Wendy for
Tim Sackton: Both resin and dealt with a take three points of fire damage as the
Tim Sackton: Hot
Tim Sackton: Water cascades down from the explosion, as it as it bursts.
Tim Sackton: Resident you undo anything
Kate Sackton: So are both of the ones. Next, be going to get an advantage attack if I ran away. Yep.
Tim Sackton: But you have quite good armor so
Kate Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: Well, I guess all
Kate Sackton: I guess I'll risk it then so that I can run away and cast a spell. So, but I'm going to do it in that order.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Um,
Tim Sackton: Say, both attempt to slash you with their claws.
Tim Sackton: One just messes hopelessly the other managers to catch you as you're darting away doing
Tim Sackton: Five points of fire damage and four points of slashing damage.
Oh, great.
Kate Sackton: And I
Tim Sackton: Roll the clip. So that's their critical damage.
Tim Sackton: Great. So where are you moving to
Kate Sackton: Do 1234 or five
Tim Sackton: Or that you can move five squares. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Well,
Kate Sackton: Can I can, yeah, I can still see part of the area.
Tim Sackton: You can see this one, you can't see this one.
Kate Sackton: And I see this space where I was. Yep. Okay.
Kate Sackton: Um,
Kate Sackton: Because when I want to do as my action that I took all that damage to maintain which is cast Spiritual Weapon.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: So in fact, you can disengage and cast Spiritual Weapon.
Kate Sackton: Well, I thought that it was a bonus action only if I wasn't casting it for the first time. Only when I was using it.
Tim Sackton: Because I know right. That's also when you're casting it so you can erase that damage if you want to
Kate Sackton: Okay. Well, every other time I've tried to cast it as a bonus action. You told me it was, it actually the first time I did it.
Tim Sackton: It's no as you can't cast it at the same time you if you cast
Tim Sackton: You can't cast to spells.
Kate Sackton: Ah, I can't cast
Tim Sackton: Got the bonus actions and a regular action spelled the same turn
Kate Sackton: My action was running away.
Tim Sackton: They can catch the bonus actions.
Kate Sackton: Up. All right, well then that's what i'm doing so.
Tim Sackton: Okay so Spiritual Weapon.
Tim Sackton: This hammer appears and smacks into the
Tim Sackton: You know one of these to hear
Tim Sackton: It kind of staggers back slightly
Tim Sackton: And then the water snake that's standing here is like
Tim Sackton: Hissing and spinning, but cannot reach anybody um
Tim Sackton: But is like seems to be driving these team creatures on I'm on to attack and is also sort of doing something else in the water and these two steam creatures one will rush forward.
Tim Sackton: Towards Tao ass and one wall rush forward here to well be. And then notice the doors around the corner. I'm
Tim Sackton: slashing with its claws. The first one misses the second one. Mrs.
Rev. David: What we use this reaction.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you guys do whatever you want.
Mike Sackton: I'll attack this one.
Mike Sackton: This time with booming blade.
Okay.
The fifth time
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So seven damage.
Tim Sackton: Ah, OK.
Tim Sackton: And if it moves it takes an extra one day.
Mike Sackton: If it moves it takes one day. Yep. Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm residency car while being
Rev. David: True to the
Tim Sackton: Character I
Kate Sackton: Think I'm dead. So I'm just distracted by not having any
Kate Sackton: And just having DT EDP untroubled
Eric Rosenbaum: That is
Um,
Tim Sackton: Let's say the only one you can really see from here as the uninjured one
Tim Sackton: But that's 16 damage.
Tim Sackton: As your arrow again finds the solid part of its body and strikes at
Tim Sackton: Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will fire my crossbow.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the nearby one
Tim Sackton: That Mrs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eyes open offering the crossbow.
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: What
Kate Sackton: Are we doing in terms of order.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can go. You're the only one who hasn't gone yet.
Tim Sackton: That also Mrs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can't accidentally like
Tim Sackton: Hit the
Kate Sackton: Weapon bonus attack.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doc Spiritual Weapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what's that
Mike Sackton: It's summoning more stuff. This could be an endless fight we might be in trouble.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: Spiritual Weapon hats.
Tim Sackton: And they're both wound enough that
Tim Sackton: Which one are you attacking was Spiritual Weapon.
Kate Sackton: The one closest to everybody like made it
Tim Sackton: So that one dies and
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: That was make a dexterity saving throw
Kate Sackton: My sorry. I thought that was was far enough away.
Tim Sackton: HE'S RIGHT NEXT TO BOTH OF THEM AND DOWN WITH YOU TAKE
Tim Sackton: One point of fire damage as it steam explodes.
Tim Sackton: Then, this one's dad.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: Going. There it is.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, that was what are those glowing yellow things
Tim Sackton: So it seems to be, um,
Tim Sackton: It seems to be now like
Tim Sackton: Like blowing and
Tim Sackton: You know, more stuff is sort of coalescing in the air. These are
Tim Sackton: Less less steam and more just kind of almost like a creature of like a wind and and dust almost
Tim Sackton: Emerging also out of this.
Tim Sackton: Out of this um
Tim Sackton: This sort of area and beginning to move towards you.
Tim Sackton: As then
See
Mike Sackton: Though
Tim Sackton: This is like
Right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I hear this racket to or by just like
Tim Sackton: Yeah, this is just one for Dan. So yes, you hear the racket.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then there was a big
Eric Rosenbaum: Smash as we pulled the sphere down
Tim Sackton: There was a big smash. So you would have heard that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I get the sense that if I stopped doing what I'm doing, like, come actively, am I supporting progress right now through his, his process.
Tim Sackton: You get the sense that you haven't so much been actively supporting him as building something that would
Tim Sackton: Bring him back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna keep doing what I'm doing. I think, I think my work is important. Actually, you said I sent you another couple messages to him. I'm not sure if you saw them. But, uh,
Tim Sackton: No, I didn't say this. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: delicate balance between you carefully and constructively preserving the situation and US randomly disrupting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And making it worse or
Mike Sackton: Be part of the solution call. Why don't you be part of the problem.
Mike Sackton: Carefully
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Psychic connection that I'm building with the giant feels like
Mike Sackton: Where do I just go on top of my DNA beyond just messed up.
Tim Sackton: So there's three of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here in our faces now.
Tim Sackton: They're sort of rushing into your faces, um,
And
Tim Sackton: The first one, this one that gets here is just gonna like these are now these are more like wind and dust creatures than steam creatures, and that's just going to
Tim Sackton: Exhale, a cone of blinding dust.
Tim Sackton: So both resin and speaker, you need to make dexterity saving throws
Tim Sackton: And out with as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Geez.
Rev. David: Down with
Tim Sackton: You are blinded by the dust.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, gosh.
Tim Sackton: As this one now flies in
Tim Sackton: God ways that you with its claws.
Eric Rosenbaum: I almost shattered the deal with to put on the goggles because their steam and you just picked up a pair of goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only had said something
Tim Sackton: But even with you, unable to see and not able to defend yourself properly. It's still misses, with its claws. However, the, ah,
Tim Sackton: The one wounded but barely surviving on Steam. One is also going to swing at you.
Tim Sackton: And that one will hit with its fiery clause doing four points of three points of slashing and one point of fire damage. So for total
Tim Sackton: Oh, now you
Tim Sackton: And you can make a new save at the end of your turn to clear your eyes from this
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Ah, so who wants to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Creatures, what do you do
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm putting on my damn goggles.
Kate Sackton: Last steam creature
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's
Kate Sackton: Does that mean I have to do damage thing.
Tim Sackton: Is gonna kill it. It only has to hit points. So the last team creature explodes, um,
Tim Sackton: Ah down with deck saving throw
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: I don't think you have disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Now I accidentally clicked place.
Mike Sackton: I DIDN'T MEAN TO BRAWL twice. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Ah, you managed you sort of sense the explosion managed to duck out of the way before
Tim Sackton: Before you can be hit by the by the following steam.
Tim Sackton: And the two creatures of dust also manages to dodge out of the way.
Kate Sackton: Um, and then the the bonus action of the Spiritual Weapon.
Yep.
Kate Sackton: Sort of directed at the one that's
Tim Sackton: which Mrs.
Kate Sackton: Doesn't matter is directed
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: Water creature has sort of sunken back down into the pool at this point.
Kate Sackton: That's reassuring.
Rev. David: Just creature next to the dog.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It your arrow strikes into it and it
Tim Sackton: Like I'm
Tim Sackton: Again, hitting the point where it's your sort of taking careful amen and hitting the point where the body sort of coalesces out of the dust of the wind in it, your arrows are sticking and seem to be doing some serious damage here.
Tim Sackton: Um, let's see who hasn't gone rhythm and while the seeker and down with
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm going to
Eric Rosenbaum: Use
Eric Rosenbaum: I've never used this performance of creation thing I can create a non magical item.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maximum value at gold pieces.
Eric Rosenbaum: maximum size medium.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the thing is, what's the critical weakness of a desk creature that you could use to attack it. Now starting
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting. As. Think of a giant broom or a giant Bremen desk pen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or a vacuum cleaner.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or bellows.
Kate Sackton: Words in vacuum cleaner.
Kate Sackton: Vacuum cleaner.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Kate Sackton: Just Buster Durban dust posture.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like what do you use to defeat dust.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll take a step back, put my
Eric Rosenbaum: Hand blown glass.
Eric Rosenbaum: goggles on a mountain in front of my hands manifest a gigantic a broom and take a swing with it at the nearest just future
Tim Sackton: I mean, these are
Tim Sackton: There. THEY'RE CREATURES made out of dust and they're not that big. But they have, they look sort of like little imps right i mean they're not um
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Rev. David: If there were rabbits. If you have a system that just be just
Mike Sackton: They
Tim Sackton: They don't, they don't they don't seem like if you could like sweep them away. It would do anything particularly notable
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You're just like trying to hit them with a
Tim Sackton: crappy weapon basically
Eric Rosenbaum: So I shouldn't use my performance of creation on that.
Tim Sackton: I'm saying it's probably not going to do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I will put on my goggles and take a step back and fire my crossbow. Actually can I do that, can I back away.
Tim Sackton: It'll attack you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, can I just
Eric Rosenbaum: Use the my action to run away, then I'm not clear on the rules for that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you can use your action to run away and it doesn't attack you. But then you also don't have your action to attack with
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I'm running away and putting on my goggles and I'm running over here.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Mike Sackton: I wish I had some spell slots left. This is very unfortunate.
You wouldn't have
Tim Sackton: You wouldn't have a mirror and the goggle that you had stopped.
Mike Sackton: By now,
Mike Sackton: I am going to
Mike Sackton: Disengage
Mike Sackton: And retreat 1234
Mike Sackton: I get another safe.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're fine, you managed to shake the dust out of your eyes and and can see again.
Tim Sackton: And the usual. Now let's see this one's gonna go 123 towards well be. This one's going to one to two or three as well. And this one's gonna go towards resin. So two attacks. I'm ready when
Tim Sackton: First one hits for
Tim Sackton: Three points of damage. The second one misses.
Tim Sackton: And then on well be you managed to just kind of Dodge out of the way as as lunging trying to get it, you missed judges your height and you just kind of duck under its claws.
Rev. David: These miraculous
Tim Sackton: Resin.
Kate Sackton: Well,
Kate Sackton: I guess I'm gonna
Kate Sackton: To closer arrows. So I guess I'm going to swing it them with my
Kate Sackton: Warhammer.
Tim Sackton: X, whatever you have.
Tim Sackton: Yeah shatter storm your Warhammer.
Kate Sackton: We'll just call it chatter storm.
Kate Sackton: Though
Kate Sackton: Know what sort of bludgeoning
Hats.
Mike Sackton: Just click on the word chatter storm. It'll roll your damage.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Enroll 20. You don't need to
Kate Sackton: Oh,
Kate Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: Okay, that does six damage.
Tim Sackton: And then your bonus action Spiritual Weapon.
Kate Sackton: Yep, except I totally just loss indeed beyond it just crashed like disappeared for no reason.
Kate Sackton: Right away.
Tim Sackton: Okay, we'll come back to that.
Kate Sackton: The spiritual I'll get to the spiritual when I can. It will damage something. Hopefully it works.
Kate Sackton: In my DNA beyond was already on the fritz, and I was like dead and having to just sort of remember all my points.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Let's see, I'm down with but i'll be seeker.
Mike Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: Move up
Mike Sackton: And attack.
Tim Sackton: That's real damage.
Tim Sackton: That hits and that
Tim Sackton: That's that kills that one as it then explodes again in another cloud of dust.
Tim Sackton: To make another constitution.
Tim Sackton: Which you
Tim Sackton: Avoid any effects of
Rev. David: The move and fire on the one between me and this one.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So one of these by this one is dad.
Tim Sackton: That hits
Tim Sackton: That is, that was the wounded one so that one also died so resin. I need you to make a
Kate Sackton: Constitution saving. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And you're also fine.
Tim Sackton: So there's one left. Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: So I wish.
Tim Sackton: I had seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If more things emerge out of the fountain, do we run
Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: Right in glowing words in the air brief treatise on the sanitary and aesthetic disadvantages of being dusty and send it towards the desk creature vicious mockery.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Appropriately doing only one psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: To the desk. Perfect. Well, I guess that actually even makes us with them, saving throw completely not understanding the joke you were
Trying
Tim Sackton: To just kind of ignore your
Tim Sackton: Your attempt
Curses
Kate Sackton: Background to me.
Tim Sackton: So it gets to clot, you
Tim Sackton: Yeah, which it will do. But badly.
Tim Sackton: So yes background to you.
Kate Sackton: All right, I'm gonna make it with shatter storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that does a lot of damage.
Kate Sackton: Dead yet.
Tim Sackton: Not quite, Dad.
Kate Sackton: Though, bringing the Spiritual Weapon.
Tim Sackton: Bringing your spiritual weapon that will probably kill that if you add
Tim Sackton: That hats so spiritual Evan indeed takes it down.
Tim Sackton: As it, then perhaps again and no point in you. I wouldn't you know whether you fail or not you managed to get the dust out of your eyes.
Tim Sackton: And all is quiet for a moment.
Tim Sackton: The iron sphere is here.
Tim Sackton: Here and you can see this creature kind of lurking just underneath the surface in an agitated state.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was the goal again and messing with in in throwing taking this trying to destroy the sphere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, see, we
Kate Sackton: There was
Kate Sackton: Hope that it would help.
Kate Sackton: The giant because it was involved in finding him, even though he rested. He said it wouldn't help him there was a general hope that it would
Mike Sackton: Be an idiot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Bobby folks we earlier agreed also not to destroy it. But then, for some reason, and came back here and just decided to do it.
Rev. David: I think it's important when we find something that can we destroy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Destroy it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe, maybe we should get out of here.
Rev. David: We can
Kate Sackton: Get excited about keeping metal. And then all hell broke loose.
Rev. David: Him. Did you see my message.
Tim Sackton: Now you tried that last time.
Rev. David: Remember, I don't remember.
Tim Sackton: And it didn't work.
Mike Sackton: Yeah okay so let's get out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Wonder how Kansas doing with the Janet, let's
Rev. David: Go with the scissors Kenzo. It has been an unmitigated success.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you come upstairs. Basically, you see, you see me, you know, kind of seated in deep meditation and like there's kind of a blue or around me and you know eyes kind of flashing blue and just, just like in deep concentration like meditation and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or just actually inbox gaze with with the giant on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so your job. So you say you say you say Kenza, it's been an unmitigated success.
Rev. David: Yeah. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, you, you hear a voice in your head, or maybe we can talk telepathically right basically uh yeah so you hear you well. Be sure voice in your head and said, I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like kind of a little, a little strange and distracted, but just saying, like if there's time I should stay
Rev. David: Also, much more quietly No effort not to disturb you. So it hasn't been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Enzymes, like, try not to laugh, but it's just like, just like locked in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there's if there's time there's time I should stay
Eric Rosenbaum: Whether they're in any more creatures coming out of the water at us right now.
Kate Sackton: I mean, yeah, the major time pressures from the giant and what Kansas doing is holding that off, then
Kate Sackton: We don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you guys don't know what I'm doing. Exactly. So
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so I guess I mean technically until Tim Rosa one, we still can kind of be here is that that the situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was what's gonna happen when he rolls a one.
Mike Sackton: Star. He's gonna
Tim Sackton: He's gonna happen you
Tim Sackton: May or may not
Tim Sackton: Find out
Rev. David: Maybe the spirit will be destroyed.
Tim Sackton: I mean throughout kind of a lot of dice now.
Rev. David: I feel like maybe we should go though right
Tim Sackton: Up to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is Kinzer trying to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, here, Tim, do I sense that if I like stop my meditation that I
Mike Sackton: WILL I BE RIGHT BACK, GUYS.
Mike Sackton: Don't all die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try
Tim Sackton: Well, were you saying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm saying, like, did like if I stop what I'm doing well. It's kind of like, get back here or is it, like, in other words, I can. I like actually like have a conversation with the party or am I like like do I feel like I kind of need to be like stay in this this zone.
Tim Sackton: Um,
Tim Sackton: You, you could you could talk okay without losing your concentration, but certainly if you lay out. Get up and right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, right, right. Okay, okay. In that case, yeah. So I just, I say say to you all, you know, kind of still with a lot of focus on on on the giant on I'm building a bridge to its consciousness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa. Oh, and then it will be able to escape across that bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Into your number. No, no. It then you're gonna be able to talk to, what's the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's hard to describe. But I'm building a bridge to its consciousness. I might be able to. It might be able to reach it. Even when it loses its mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hadn't figured that part out yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: seems dangerous kids a
Eric Rosenbaum: Little I know
Rev. David: Yeah, it seems dangerous. That's great.
Tim Sackton: You get the fence cans out. I mean, you've been sort of its progress also been kind of meditating at this point as well and and you get the sense that, um,
Tim Sackton: You know by sort of attuning to to his consciousness and kind of going into meditation with him. You've, you've probably made it somewhat easier on him sort of shed the, the burden of this concentration but like
Tim Sackton: There's no like real endgame here like
Tim Sackton: This, I know you're not going to be able to break him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Free right. No, that's fine. That's fine. I mean, my, my Meta goal has has been just to establish a link right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so if that's been accomplished. I guess part of my thing is like if I have more time and more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, kind of presence awareness with it. Like, can I can I make it. Can I forge a stronger bond basically is kind of what I'm on. I'm seeing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I met meta game like we could also just like because I'm also going to have a strong sense of whenever it is that he's starting to lose its grip on reality.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And once I get a sense of that, like, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we slash I will leave. But until then, it feels like if I can continue. Like, when else am I ever going to fucking have a chance to like play with it or have a storm giant. You know what I mean. So it's sort of like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I'm kind of training and and you know so it's like if I have an opportunity to continue training here. Like, I think it's like I want to continue to do that but meta game. We could just kind of, you know, do that for as long as as a, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whenever, whenever it starts freaking out, you know, and then we can we can leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or can we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless something else happens or is going to happen.
Rev. David: I don't think I have anything else. Though I do here, I feel like I'm
Kate Sackton: Good to go. I mean, we can go getters step out and if Kenza wants to risk of skin. Maybe he can jump out a window like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I can totally jump out a window. That's exactly what I was planning on doing anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's carry who's carrying the ball.
Tim Sackton: New laughter Bob You nobody's carrying the ball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're gonna bring the ball with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like 600 pounds.
Kate Sackton: Monster will be very angry with us.
Rev. David: At a minimum, we should roll it off the edge.
Rev. David: Why would we not do that. We went to all the trouble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, no, seriously. Yes, I agree. I was kind of picturing that happening actually how
You should use
Rev. David: An enormous liver
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Robbie as a trophy and force of chaos.
Kate Sackton: Is it still grappling
Kate Sackton: With the
Kate Sackton: Grapple. What if we throw the rope over the edge. And when we're down there very far away, we can pull on the end of the rope and try to drag it over the edge.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Rev. David: Hey, just to be clear, we're gonna be we're gonna
Rev. David: Over
Eric Rosenbaum: And then it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everything. Everyone is safe afterwards. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Rather be crushed by a bald and attacked by water snake.
Eric Rosenbaum: Reasonable
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, but, I mean, if, if there's nothing else to do. And you all want to leave. Like, I think I will. I will stay here and continue to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to bond with the with the storm giant. And so until I sense that he's no longer able to control itself and that all all run out.
But
Kate Sackton: We'll meet you in the end or crop up in the
Kate Sackton: You know, the original camp under the getting stoned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, because we can't try below at the bottom right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, yeah, I'll, I'll leave the, I mean, and also that'll be like, I'm going to know when I'm gonna have advanced warning when you know and then I guess we'll probably be able to tell because the storm will start changing or something's going to happen, but
Eric Rosenbaum: That trick with the arrows, where you can just send them back. Just do that to the lightning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Ooh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I do that at higher levels like catch and throw lighting back. That'd be pretty sweet.
Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I, if I became an elemental monk.
Tim Sackton: Maybe, yeah. If you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think that's the direction I'm headed dog.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so I mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think has is going to stand bond with storm.
Tim Sackton: Dragons so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until it feels not safe to do so.
Tim Sackton: I'm the rest of you are getting out.
Rev. David: By the
Rev. David: Curtains Oh I'll glance over the seeker then
Rev. David: And we'll let the two of them go down first and then maybe when the two of us are the only ones left. I sort of gesture over to the ball like
Eric Rosenbaum: Like keep like you want to just shove it over the edge a little bit
Eric Rosenbaum: Just kind of give it a little, little soccer move
Rev. David: I mean, we have no idea what's going to happen.
Rev. David: That's a really strong reason to do it.
Kate Sackton: Well, the I had trouble moving it because it was heavier than expected.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's getting rolled about 1015 feet sideways.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could definitely do it we can almost certainly
Kate Sackton: Value within 30 feet of an angry watered.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's the, that's the issue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will be I think we can, we should we should toss the other end of the rope down is the rope long enough to touch the ground.
Um,
Tim Sackton: So it's this is the fourth story, the ground is sloping out from underneath this platform. So it's probably about you'd be about 15 feet short
Tim Sackton: 10 or 15 feet because it's just about 50 feet down to the bottom. From here, but it's in the middle of the platform.
Kate Sackton: Because we tie one end of the rope to an arrow and shoot it through a second floor window, then we'd be pulling sideways and there
Kate Sackton: Long enough
Eric Rosenbaum: Or I could just be lay down on the rope.
Rev. David: About sounded a little bit
Eric Rosenbaum: get killed.
Rev. David: With you to get some extra weight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Together.
Rev. David: Yeah, that when we get to the bottom will just type out another
Kate Sackton: Will be my helping you carry that with me helping you carry heavy stuff out the door. We're just gonna
Mike Sackton: We're just going to take the
Tim Sackton: Desk routing on the coin.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We should get what we should do go collect all the coins.
Kate Sackton: Drink some healing potion pickups and change.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm folks could maybe you could position the disc.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beneath the platform. So the ball on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And get all this shit all together, get them and get the coins you know if we've got time here for until you know
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The giant loses his shit.
Mike Sackton: Let's I'm gonna go down reestablish camp quite some coins and if then they're still put the put the thing wherever they want they want it.
Mike Sackton: And that if there's still some time, take a short rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get, get the good stuff from the body.
Mike Sackton: Of the oh yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: Or something gets about to happen.
Rev. David: I'm gonna look over the secret look real quick, we just we tossed some oil down we make it slippery.
Mike Sackton: Temporal the one
Rev. David: Who manifest a great big iron pole and, you know, we use the lever and over it goes
Eric Rosenbaum: But you can have like like mega giant pool cue and kind of push it.
Rev. David: Well to wedge it in underneath and then we can just kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to make more like a spat a spatula basically like a 20 foot long
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 foot long spatula brain.
Rev. David: value less than a decal
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let me do some calculations here, I
Eric Rosenbaum: Want to do a little bit of geometry to figure out the forces involved estimate the way to the spherical object, sort of like like my finger. Check the plans eyeballing the geometries.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to be able to leverage it from from inside
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should just toss the rope down. I'll stand on your show. You'll stand on my show somebody else will stand on somebody else's
Tim Sackton: Shoulder okay start out with down with is heading to the bottom. You're now sort of coming out the door. YOU TWO ARE STILL STANDING BY THE discussing what you're going to do with the rope, but you haven't gotten out anywhere yet.
Tim Sackton: Yes, Brisbane, where are you
Kate Sackton: I'm also leaving post-haste with dealt with babies.
Kate Sackton: I did. They don't need my strength so
Kate Sackton: They can
Eric Rosenbaum: We're doing science.
Kate Sackton: There. They're silencing so I'm vacuum.
I'm
Kate Sackton: My 13 hit points tonight.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: Let's see, well be.
Tim Sackton: Wait, you are you guys out on the platform. Are you in the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just inside the doorway.
Rev. David: The platform.
Tim Sackton: Okay um well be you noticed that the
Tim Sackton: Fox in hunter is beginning to fade from the sky. I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You hear you hear my voice from inside. Oh, can you hear me, I guess, up on the other floor right
Tim Sackton: Thank you. Y'all are you allowed they'd hear you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah yeah I yell. It's time to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, well, we just give you a kick, and then we'll go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly like storming the capital and what those what those those
Eric Rosenbaum: Much more sophisticated
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's get out here. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yesterday I was, I haven't been sharing my music this entire time.
Eric Rosenbaum: We were getting music but
Tim Sackton: Here's what you're supposed to hear
Eric Rosenbaum: No wonder
Rev. David: Just to say
Tim Sackton: Yes. Well, that's really disappointing because I spent like an hour finding all this Scandinavian free music
Rev. David: What, like what if you reduce the platform underneath it.
Mike Sackton: Maybe escape before you are caught in a giants nightmare.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, well we that's just crazy enough to work next time with situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you as you guys are debating you see me like fall from the window like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your things slowly down like from
Rev. David: Just
Eric Rosenbaum: Just toss the rope down we'll deal with it later.
Rev. David: Right, very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I head down the stairs. Yeah.
Rev. David: Oh, this is gonna go down the road on the road.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You're gonna be like 15 feet off from the top of that.
Rev. David: No, I'll go down the rope that we went up on
Tim Sackton: I thought that was this road. Can you like untied and hook it onto the
Eric Rosenbaum: Clip so
Tim Sackton: So will be will take me
Tim Sackton: How many reps. Do you have
Kate Sackton: Five.
Rev. David: Yeah. Actually, I'll go down the rope and I'll tie on the extension at the bottom.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also,
Mike Sackton: 15 feet just hanging by your feet and drop
Tim Sackton: And drop. Well, he's only three feet.
Tall, but
Tim Sackton: But yeah, so it only be a 10 foot drop
Rev. David: Alright, so, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Um, so you all converge on the bottom.
Tim Sackton: As you've reached the bottom the
Tim Sackton: Sky has faded, the wind has picked up.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: Constellation The Fox and Hunter is now gone from the sky and
Tim Sackton: You can see the storm beginning to get stronger as the wall of wind
Mike Sackton: Begins to
Tim Sackton: Build off.
Rev. David: Let's say real quick before we leave on this rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I joined me pull on it.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we should try and get out to the storm this instant, we should at least take a short rest. Don't you think
Mike Sackton: What's now.
Mike Sackton: We should run
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, almost. We want to be trapped inside his, his Nightmare.
Mike Sackton: Everybody, but he were here for a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rope though. But grab the rope. Right now we're gonna come through. Okay.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Grabbing the right was pulling on the road.
Tim Sackton: Okay, um,
Tim Sackton: Need to automate a dexterity saving
Eric Rosenbaum: That's exactly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's understanding
Tim Sackton: Not Kenza unless you're pulling on the bro
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was gonna say I'm not dumb, but
Tim Sackton: The three of you sort of grab on to this extension and just like yank down as hard as you can, at for for a few minutes. Nothing's happening as the storm is picking up in the stars are beginning to fade from the sky and you jump a few times and you Paul. And you're jumping you Paul.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: Intel the
Tim Sackton: Suddenly the rope chefs and this fear comes hurling out of the sky directly onto your hands.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: Ready when you take 12 points of damage and
Tim Sackton: You're not able to dodge completely out of the way. Cancel and Bobby you each take sex.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damage
Tim Sackton: Sorry not cantilever secret Bobby
Eric Rosenbaum: 60 minutes. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: As the steer crashes into the
Tim Sackton: Blue, the sort of edge of the stone below you inert and undamaged.
Rev. David: Until the
Eric Rosenbaum: Work is done here. Let's, let's get out here.
Kate Sackton: All right, I need to take a healing potion or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I saw a shake well
Rev. David: I'm glad we did it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no obvious chaos incarnate as well.
Kate Sackton: We had this whole plan for lovers in the correct angles and then Kenta was like hurry.
Tim Sackton: Are you heading out of the storm right now.
Rev. David: Will be respects people that property.
Tim Sackton: You have a lot in common with the chart audience and see
Rev. David: Just the reverse. Should we tie ourselves together though, before we try to go back
Mike Sackton: That's probably a good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to do a healing word on myself.
Kate Sackton: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: So I guess it looks like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We walked here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
Kate Sackton: And walk here through the raging storm of the giants madness.
Kate Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: I got knocked over sideways ones.
Mike Sackton: And I remember I tried to kill you all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, I will. That's what will happen if we stay if we stay and we try to walk through later it'll be mad. It'll be a fucking madness form.
Kate Sackton: So it's already a fucking madness storm.
Tim Sackton: Wait, that's not nearly as intense as it was when you first came in. It's getting there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It will be
Eric Rosenbaum: Plenty of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To stay. That's why we have to go now.
Mike Sackton: Let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Hands. I was like 10 so like, as he as he like lands and like sees the scene of you guys like pulling on the rope and the thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is just like what the fuck is like he's just like, what, what was what was, were you guys doing well. I mean, he didn't say anybody's just like all the look of disbelief and just like where are you guys ready to get out of here.
Rev. David: We got the sphere to
Eric Rosenbaum: See it was up there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to get out of here now.
Tim Sackton: Found you tie yourself to off together to a rope and again the wall of wind, the sort of I wall of the storm that you that knocked over before it's not nearly as
Tim Sackton: As an as intense as it was initially, but it seems to be picking up speed. So the wind is like is blowing, but it seems to be getting slowly getting stronger as you push your way through.
Tim Sackton: The thunder and lightning are ever present, but the ground itself is much clearer than when you came in. So although there's rain. Now on the other side of the wall, the mist and fog seem to be not nearly so intense, and you can
Tim Sackton: You can sort of see off in the
Tim Sackton: Distance to the
Tim Sackton: You know, through the storm a little bit to navigate
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My note.
Tim Sackton: Ah yes, um,
Tim Sackton: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the answer is yes. Right.
Tim Sackton: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe, I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Alright, well, we'll see. Once we get out on the other side.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, um,
Tim Sackton: So you begin to
Tim Sackton: Push your way through the storm. First, you know, moving carefully and then quicker and quicker as the
Tim Sackton: lightning and thunder behind you begins to pick up
Tim Sackton: On you get about
Tim Sackton: You got about halfway through the storm until when the mist begin to roll in and lightning strikes almost directly in front of you and
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we forgot the lightning round.
Tim Sackton: All of your it's night. Right. So I assume you have like a trip globe or a tour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah I
Tim Sackton: Got from
Tim Sackton: All of the light completely banishes magical non magical light, everything goes out.
Tim Sackton: Pitch Black in the storm. I'm. Those of you with dark vision can see you're all still roped together at this point.
Tim Sackton: Who's in the front.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though it's probably
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you were the ones that can see, I mean me and know while we can't see.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can't see.
Tim Sackton: Your doors can see to
Mike Sackton: Dial could be the friend.
Rev. David: To activate daylight on my desk when that happens.
Tim Sackton: Your drift club seems to be a nurse.
Tim Sackton: Nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: And strange
Mike Sackton: Is there. I mean, is there anything errors, it just
Tim Sackton: Know it's just the lightning struck and all the light went out. Oh, actually, sorry. Um,
Tim Sackton: Yes, you activate daylight and it does
Tim Sackton: It produces the sort of thin
Tim Sackton: Week flickering light, certainly not daylight that you would expect more like a small campfire or a candle just casting dim light in a small in like a 1015 foot radius around the drift globe.
Tim Sackton: But it's not completely dark.
Tim Sackton: It's otherwise just a flat plane but the lightning is now.
Tim Sackton: Striking more rapidly and
Like
Tim Sackton: Each time lightning strikes as a flash, and then darkness around you as even the ones with dark visions eyes need to adjust
Tim Sackton: And I see me. Just keep moving.
Tim Sackton: Yeah okay I'm down with can you make a survival check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will probably second behind you.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: So you continue to
Tim Sackton: Tried to push your way out of the storm heading.
Tim Sackton: You know, towards the planes. But as the as the wind picks up and the noise picks up and the rain picks up in the myths and fog begin to close in around you.
Tim Sackton: Your lights only casting off.
Tim Sackton: This dim week glow.
Tim Sackton: You find yourself.
Tim Sackton: Almost
Tim Sackton: feeling like you're wandering in circles like you, you can't find your way out.
Tim Sackton: Like the night is closing it around you.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: You continue to sort of hurry moving as fast as you can, trying to find any way out of this storm.
Tim Sackton: Time seems to take on new meaning.
Tim Sackton: Whether an hour, minute is passing or an hour.
Tim Sackton: Is no longer obvious.
Tim Sackton: Intel
Tim Sackton: Some moments later.
Tim Sackton: you stumble out into the light of morning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim is
Tim Sackton: In the storm behind
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You as soon as we stumble out i i get down into meditation, like right at the edge of the storm.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Um, and you all suffer one
Tim Sackton: Actually everybody make a constitution saving throw
Tim Sackton: Everybody but Kenza Sophos one level of exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Kate Sackton: You mark exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: In d&d beyond if you go to conditions and click exhausted.
Tim Sackton: I'm while be as you sit down to meditate and and reach out to the aura. It feels too far away, I'm
Tim Sackton: Just level one not level to
Eric Rosenbaum: Look like I was already at level one for some reason. Oh.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: So that Kenzo it, it feels the mind you're trying to reach the the or feels
Tim Sackton: feels too far away too distant for you to reach
Tim Sackton: The morning Dawn is
Tim Sackton: Peaceful
Tim Sackton: You did not see your camp, you're not, you seem to have come out of the storm on the far side from where you set your camp. The, the mountain side as opposed to the south side of the storm.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: The weather. Now that you've sort of emerged out from the clouds in the midst in the rain is reasonably nice although still right here on the edge of the storm, the occasional burst of wind and
Tim Sackton: And rain kind of strikes you occasionally making a rainbow as the
Tim Sackton: Bits of cloud drift out
Tim Sackton: Into the dawn.
Tim Sackton: You're not entirely sure how much time has passed.
Tim Sackton: But it was night when you are in the tower. So whether
Tim Sackton: The night or days as a little bit unclear to you feel a little bit
Tim Sackton: dazzled and slightly bewildered by the
Tim Sackton: The sensation of stumbling out of this dark confusing.
Tim Sackton: Almost maze of clouds and mist into the light of dawn.
Rev. David: Are we in line of sight of where we left her melts.
Know,
Tim Sackton: You're on the other side of the of the storm cloud from where you left your mouth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the fastest way is to go back through the storm, you get to the
Tim Sackton: Yep, definitely the fastest way we
Eric Rosenbaum: Could use some kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: Parachute to pull us around.
Kate Sackton: I horse could have run this way so you know everybody keep your eyes out please
Kate Sackton: To any neighborhood Aaron animals to ask them if they've seen a runaway horse, you know,
Kate Sackton: So can we get some place that feels safe enough and dry enough to just collapse and then deal with getting back to our starting point, or do we feel that we need to drive ourselves hard
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to get to the horses. If all is still there. We need to find bola
Right.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: How far is it going to be around the stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can go. I'm not, I'm not tired.
Tim Sackton: I can run mean it's it's
Tim Sackton: A handful of miles but not 10s of miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean actually Tim like
Tim Sackton: A few hours to walk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if they're slow I can like, you know, guns. Those all like acrobatic and shit. I cannot like I
Tim Sackton: Mean, they're tired, but like, you know, golden all night or tired. Not like falling down on your feet after
Tim Sackton: being awake for seven days without sleep tired. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I also did not fight any monsters or get hit by the falling sphere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exhausted by the storm. So I'm probably
Condition.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: To make reasonable decisions.
Tim Sackton: don't happen.
Kate Sackton: You don't humor, your friends.
Rev. David: Or your friend will be the first to express my disappointment concert and not being a team player on this.
Rev. David: Fear thing.
Mike Sackton: All your friends. Try to take a giant iron sphere off of it.
Mike Sackton: Battle Paul
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would you help explain to me, your, your, your reasoning for this, but maybe I should run ahead and see if the horses are still there in your kitchen. Can you all keep it keep up. We got to make sure that Volvo doesn't leave on us.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, let's go.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you can be. It's not slowing down your movement, your adventures. You can push through tiredness just gives you a disadvantage on ability checks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: horses. Horses still there. This is the question.
Tim Sackton: So I'm on your way around actually hold on a sec.
Kate Sackton: Way around. Do we see any friendly birds are
Kate Sackton: ravenous got
Eric Rosenbaum: Closer. But we've got the flooding disk laden heavily with some insane collection of objects also
Tim Sackton: Oh, ah, I'm actually you don't have the flooding desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's tell with what did you do with it.
Tim Sackton: And must have stopped falling you in the storm somewhere.
Rev. David: You have one job.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't last forever.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we needed the useless wish mirror
Tim Sackton: You have the goggles, you have the paintings
Tim Sackton: You have the book you talk and you have the notes and you have
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: But you don't have the coins or the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we have our coins, I guess there were many pounds.
Eric Rosenbaum: They were
Eric Rosenbaum: Hundred 50 pounds. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Wait, so you can have some of the coins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't have a desk anymore.
Kate Sackton: This itself is
Kate Sackton: Significant
Ah,
Tim Sackton: Make a know you can you can have the desk that's to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that fucking this scary shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the one legacy of arcas
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, was that Arca system.
Tim Sackton: There was a desk. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're totally CARDONE and leaders, by the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are like, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're so much better than them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because of how we do the same things as them.
Rev. David: Oh, no, no, because the
Eric Rosenbaum: Pure hearts.
Rev. David: It's not the act, it's, it's what the actors in service of Richard audience are doing this in order to expand an empire through violence.
Rev. David: To create a stranglehold on this entire region and overrule that the culture of the people who live here right now.
Mike Sackton: Why are we doing it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because we're adventurers and we're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Moral
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Kate Sackton: No Lindsay
Rev. David: We're doing it to free and imprison structure.
Rev. David: And action that sure they will happen either
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quit stealing the paintings and the money and and ransacking the items.
Mike Sackton: Actually originally took the painting cuz
Rev. David: Stealing
Mike Sackton: Stealing know
Mike Sackton: Who Donis is getting has come up. It's. He doesn't deserve, we should be taking his money. He did a bad thing. It's a fine.
Rev. David: Well, he's gonna pick a pebble up off the ground. Look, I stole this rock from the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: notified that the next of kin of that wizard should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are the horses.
Tim Sackton: There, um,
Tim Sackton: So on your on your way around halfway
Tim Sackton: Halfway pat halfway there. You see,
Tim Sackton: Resins horse peacefully grazing.
Rev. David: Wait, we're halfway there.
Tim Sackton: Cuz visions horse ran out of the stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, it pulls it out. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So Brisbane rides back
Tim Sackton: And yes, as you come to camp. You see Volvo below is like
Tim Sackton: You know, packing up her breakfast cleaning up the sort of morning
Tim Sackton: From the morning
Tim Sackton: Seemingly getting possibly like getting ready to go or preparing to
Tim Sackton: You know pack stuff up for the day or keep watch but
Tim Sackton: She has not left and your horses are there.
Tim Sackton: And as she sees you coming around. She's like, she's sort of waves to you and
Tim Sackton: That's not where you went into the storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of walk up you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Closer.
Tim Sackton: You look a little battered fucking mess on there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long have we been gone
Tim Sackton: Just, just a day.
Rev. David: What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you you're headed back to chart involved.
Tim Sackton: I am. That was the plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you meeting any of your compatriots slowly. Are you meeting them there.
Tim Sackton: I'm heading back as fast as I can to report on a gotta
Rev. David: Yeah, but for the question that he just asked
Rev. David: Which is not what you answered.
Tim Sackton: I, I may run into, I will have to stop for supplies. I'll have to stop for me supply for fresh horses for
Tim Sackton: I can't fucking teleport
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though
Tim Sackton: I have no plans, other than to head as fast as I can and report.
Tim Sackton: To my superiors. The news of this
Tim Sackton: Creature
Tim Sackton: Whatever she is a woman. I got there who seems to be
Tim Sackton: Looting the planes for some
Tim Sackton: unclear, but presumably bad purpose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, why did you did you think of God was leading the planes.
Tim Sackton: Back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also in search of items.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's the whole. I mean, this was the like no two three sessions ago, this is the whole
Tim Sackton: Yeah conversation that right. I gotta had had told
Tim Sackton: Had been interested in bullet
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, because
Tim Sackton: You're about where
Tim Sackton: Yes Yun Mari artifacts were
Tim Sackton: Drink Korean done Marty artifacts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like right and i was the shapeshifter guy in the upper
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bola. This is important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know if any of your compatriots were supposed to search this area. Did any of your did any of your comrades go into the storm.
Tim Sackton: Not that I know of, but this storm is new, isn't it.
Tim Sackton: Would not have been on our maps to explore. I had never heard of such a thing, a
Tim Sackton: Never Ending storm.
Tim Sackton: Bloody curse business if you asked me, but we had no rumors of such thing in chardon
Rev. David: Wasn't here. Tell your people.
Kate Sackton: Any other landmarks in this area that you know team investigating
Tim Sackton: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see. Hold on one sec. Oh. And can I just say to before we talked about Allah can we'd have like a pre conversation about like what we're going to talk about. So we're not just like
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you had plenty of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Walking yeah just just with the group.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think we should tell them about what I don't think we should tell bola, and as simple as an extension of all the CARDONE ins. What we've seen, but we should try to figure out if they took the eyes, you need it. You know, so, so if we can kind of figure out figure that out without
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Revealing revealing what we saw on the storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know. I don't know what you all think, but I feel like we should be cautious with Lala
Eric Rosenbaum: circumstantial evidence would point to the involvement of the society in the taking the eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would we take them meta game. What do we take from the body.
Tim Sackton: Nothing.
Kate Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: You weren't gonna you're gonna search it again. But then you ran out because of not wanting to take time in the storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought I was doing that at the bottom, while we were while we were up at the top.
Mike Sackton: I did say I was gonna go look at the body, but I don't know if we had time
Tim Sackton: I don't think you had time. I mean, you had
Tim Sackton: Like 10 minutes max and you also gathering coins.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was an unworkable.
Tim Sackton: But when you talk it out first time. It was like wrapped unremarkable body wraps in a shroud
Eric Rosenbaum: And there was a monk or
Kate Sackton: A group that doesn't leave traces that they can avoid leaving
Kate Sackton: They didn't label it like
Kate Sackton: A
Number 475
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if there's any kind of distinguishing mark on the like a bracelet or anything, any bit of clothing or whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was
Too.
Mike Sackton: Late, I think. There wasn't any meaningful like the first time we looked at it. We spent a while trying to figure out where this person could be from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: How we got was
Mike Sackton: Vaguely turn CARDONE and buzz about a month ago is that theory.
Rev. David: You switch back to the world.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: really far away.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's about a month travel
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure that gigantic forest isn't hazardous.
Rev. David: Means that they're already
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I don't think we, I think. I mean, I think we have to
Mike Sackton: Keep this in the background by
Mike Sackton: meet up with the Denmark and
Mike Sackton: See if we can learn anything about
Mike Sackton: Further about
Mike Sackton: I guess that's another
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep an eye on situation in the meantime.
Rev. David: So our commitment now is to return to
Mike Sackton: Go Matt or to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Carol. Carol.
Kate Sackton: And I'm gonna head west. I'm words the fancy mountains because
Kate Sackton: I don't. I've never met any of these people that you're meeting up with in Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not your business.
Rev. David: Yeah, you have to return.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: It might put me on the same road as well. That's her. Wow.
Rev. David: I think we got from folded before like information about how to
Rev. David: Appropriately calling them at the
So, so, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Society again.
Tim Sackton: Wow, I mean,
Kate Sackton: No, no me
Kate Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He said, just like an ass revolt.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, to my soul site bola again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, I think we've we've we've had. Oh wait, she can speak into my head for right
Tim Sackton: So you did at one point, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna send you a message to
Rev. David: Will be a whistle first speaker to come over and give it a little pet's
Tim Sackton: Name. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Tim Sackton: Now, are you done with your
Tim Sackton: Conversation as you approach. Yeah, you're approaching bola
Rev. David: To admit mean to cut that off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so, so I think we should. I think we should be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should just because we don't know the the true motivations of the chart audience and they still could be keepers of private what's, what's the name again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Frog frog ours eyes. Although now that we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's true that that the audience could be in the possession of a goddess mother. If it got the dust mother and the society were competing for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These artifacts, these items, then that's the other possibility, whatever, whatever. I gotta dust mother is they may be the ones with with the eyes now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then again, do a
Kate Sackton: Lot to the
Kate Sackton: After they got the is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's that prison.
Kate Sackton: Forces on the plane.
Kate Sackton: captured the
Kate Sackton: Other union, the way they captured Fola they could have captured the eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a great point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, they may not be in their possession anymore.
Kate Sackton: There's a couple different rights to that and being I gotta instead of being with
Eric Rosenbaum: This Tim this thing about like stealing someone's eyes. Is that a thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a Greek mythology thing, isn't it.
Tim Sackton: Ah, what do you mean, is that a thing. I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: Are their stories about steel. Is it, like, is that a one of the ways to like take the power from a giant is by stealing its eyes and then the eyes have some power and it
Tim Sackton: says, No, you haven't heard. I mean, there's, there's not really stories about
Tim Sackton: Like capturing giants. This is something that's
Um,
Tim Sackton: Whatever happened here was something that
Tim Sackton: It's not something that happens all the time, right, like there's no like legends about the capture giant because it's not something that you're supposed to be able to do
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if this
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder what the connection between the stone bust and the actual gentlemen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because they're both missing their eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what did they actually steal
Kate Sackton: From My theory is that
Kate Sackton: The wizard took his eyes as a part of the controlling him thing, put them in the statue as, like, where he stored the ice and taken from the giant, who is this prisoner and then the people came and took the eyes and the statue, they look magic and cool.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that sounds right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or it was a gotta dust mother and their head, their minions somehow got the eyes.
Kate Sackton: That's what I meant by people
And yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: But not the original Wizard from 800 years ago or whatever.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
Kate Sackton: He had to have a nice student statue made with with the Giants eyes in it, instead of in the giant so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, the original
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this full actually bring anything back to the society, aside from information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just information. I mean, she was, she was a captive
Tim Sackton: You were hoping to find stuff at ravens hold but was captured before she could
Kate Sackton: And we didn't really share any loop.
Tim Sackton: And you didn't show you
Tim Sackton: You looted ravens hold
Tim Sackton: Exactly. She would have luton's Raven sold except didn't share anything with her.
Eric Rosenbaum: And for good and not evil right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, because we are good, by definition,
Mike Sackton: Where the protagonists. We can't do anything wrong.
Everything.
Kate Sackton: Creepy banners and weird are
Rev. David: More limited but stronger claim to say we're not evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lobby. Look, I'm also not a fan of the society be open scroll that all but Viola and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't have hundred percent trust her but I trust her more than any other person I've met related to the scroll the society so
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I don't think we should tell her about what we saw but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we should we should maintain this relationship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Proceed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, so, yeah. So Tim, we, you know,
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: Computation that happened. Yep.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know what the society is going to do about the items that your phones or what why I mean Vulcan your minus again like what, what, why, what items are you looking for, like, why, why, why are you looking for these items out here right now.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Firstly, I mean, you've got you had this conversation. A few sessions ago as well right and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remind me again.
Tim Sackton: Are right so so her
Tim Sackton: Her point is that every time these human empires fall they lose a ton of knowledge because nobody bothers to save that.
Tim Sackton: Right, and so the purpose of the society, the open school is too.
Tim Sackton: And also, a lot of it's dangerous and probably shouldn't be just left for anybody to loop who feels like that.
Tim Sackton: Right and so their, their mission at the moment.
Tim Sackton: Is
Tim Sackton: You know scouring the remnants of drank are and the successor empire. So Donmar that
Tim Sackton: You know, this area is particularly of interest because
Tim Sackton: Because drink or was obviously a major
Tim Sackton: Magical empire.
Tim Sackton: And the goal is just to collect what they can find and bring it back to chart and where it can be studied catalogued
Tim Sackton: Those items that are dangerous or
You know,
Tim Sackton: Evil can be locked up somewhere, those that are
Tim Sackton: Have used to people and can be replicated to in print, you know, to make new magic or learn new things about magic can be studied so that their basic goal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this particular campaign like why why here why now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was there any particular motivation or just like a normal a normal, you know, kind of adventure.
Tim Sackton: So about
Tim Sackton: You know, three, four years ago there was
Tim Sackton: A claim a sort of, you know, Volvo doesn't really know the sort of details the backstory, the sort of his she's, she's I mean she's kind of a bit of an outsider in the organization.
Tim Sackton: So, at least when she's telling the story she you know is saying things like, I don't really, you know, that's above my pay grade. I don't really know the details, but three to four years ago there was a push from above.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: The sort of pace of this work needed to accelerate
Tim Sackton: And it's not just in in Donmar that there's you know adventures that have been hired by the great library, um,
Tim Sackton: You know, north of charton as well.
Tim Sackton: You know others that have gone out to other places to the mountains, things like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this where we part ways.
Tim Sackton: You're heading.
Tim Sackton: You're heading south. I'm heading west.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think this is where we part ways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And wrestling you're heading west as well.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I need to go west to the Avanti mountains to return my family heirlooms to their rightful plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what about you, after you after you return after you return them what's, what's your faith on
Kate Sackton: Well, I can consult with my clan and see what service. I can be to my people.
Kate Sackton: If there's some
Kate Sackton: Honorable claim on my actions that
Kate Sackton: Would call me back to interact with you.
Kate Sackton: Maybe we can figure out a way for you to reach me or me to reach you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like there's significant danger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Growing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the land.
Kate Sackton: As well. I can tell her people. I can tell mine and mine here sooner because you got the is closer than charging
Kate Sackton: Good.
Kate Sackton: Little
Tim Sackton: It's definitely closer considerably closer
Kate Sackton: Or their stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else before we part ways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And started bouncing around it everyday.
Rev. David: Christmas, Christmas. Do you have any people in parking
Kate Sackton: In tears are good towards that live in chart. And I don't know.
Kate Sackton: That I know my clans connections there for trading or anything, Tim.
There's
Tim Sackton: So yeah, you'd probably. There's nobody who's
Tim Sackton: really up to you but for sure there are brown animals.
Tim Sackton: In charge. And I mean, a lot of the doors from the Avanti mountains, who have, you know, spread
Tim Sackton: Who haven't sort of stayed in there in in the mountains, you know, have tended to move north and west towards chart. And so you had very likely have like distant relations there, but nobody. You don't have like close contacts.
Kate Sackton: I know some work soon as the doors.
Kate Sackton: That might be an avenue by which we could be contacted you are in charge that we're looking for, well being, or
Rev. David: Here.
Kate Sackton: Are people to investigate more about the goings on in charge. I don't know if that will be something that my
Kate Sackton: Leadership chooses to take on, but I can mention
Kate Sackton: That we have the resources and we know of.
Kate Sackton: Some concerning behavior. I mean it works are already concerned with the actions of the great library, since we heard that.
Kate Sackton: They had acquired the eternal Charles's the rune priest and that's we've had parties going out to try to get all the doors and artifacts back. I'm not the only one only dwarf trying to protect our heritage.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was that challenge they mentioned
Kate Sackton: The eternal Chalice of the rune priest was a religious relics that we thought was lost in the Great War.
Kate Sackton: And rumor has it that was sold for a large sum to turn to me and traders.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I knew anything about this, tell us
Kate Sackton: Well, when we met.
Kate Sackton: But you may
Tim Sackton: Um, so
Tim Sackton: This is more Southern dwarf thing you're more of a northern dwarf.
Tim Sackton: Ah,
Tim Sackton: But it's a, you know, it's a
Tim Sackton: Basically a religious relic. It's like
Tim Sackton: You know, one of the sort of central artifacts of of the
Tim Sackton: Temple to the
Tim Sackton: To the room master.
Tim Sackton: That was in the southern mountains, but enough. I mean,
Tim Sackton: Many Jordan temples have these sorts of religious artifacts that are
Tim Sackton: You know, in supposedly imbued by the by the baraz out with
Tim Sackton: Sort of essence of the gods.
Tim Sackton: And so this is this is one of those, but it's it's nothing. It's not not something that you're just specifically necessarily heard of this.
Tim Sackton: Particular item.
Tim Sackton: So,
Tim Sackton: Follow us as
Tim Sackton: It's a clear morning
Tim Sackton: The day is young.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna ride for chart and I should
Tim Sackton: Leave as quickly as I can.
Tim Sackton: Although it might be safer if we traveled together for some ways. Anyway, there is safety in numbers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lola. I'm sure this is not the last time, our paths will cross
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have a feeling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a feeling of a feeling, we'll meet again sooner than later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The drive safely it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will probably will. I have a feeling, we'll see the start of this year in the later feels like our, our possible will cross again.
Tim Sackton: Well, within the storm, by the way.
Tim Sackton: You were gone a long time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were last a long time inside that store.
Kate Sackton: Dark disorienting with which to tried to kill, kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not safe to return inside that storm.
Tim Sackton: And we found
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got out.
Tim Sackton: Rough make a deception check
Tim Sackton: Cancer with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bobo, hold your bulging pockets away from bullet while you described that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pockets.
Tim Sackton: Advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, yeah.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: She sort of size slightly and then
Tim Sackton: sounds rough
Tim Sackton: Cursed bloody cursed, I tell you.
Tim Sackton: And you then kind of looks around that you are on says, well,
Tim Sackton: If you're ever in charge and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will be in charge, and I've known I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will definitely find you all
Tim Sackton: And if you learn more of a gotta
Tim Sackton: Stand word
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you say if you learn more about God, please send word yourself. This is a we want to we want to make sure we understand exactly what whatever it is they're up to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Feels important to most of both of our journeys.
Tim Sackton: Indeed,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We hope our paths cross again soon as well.
Kate Sackton: Hi. Yeah, I have enjoyed traveling with you. I will be good to return to my people.
Kate Sackton: Let them know data and what we've learned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You
Rev. David: Say, Oh, this one.
Mike Sackton: Is looked at Chinese
Eric Rosenbaum: Good luck to you in your travels
I hope you find
Kate Sackton: Your warrior allies and
Then your next steps wisely.
Rev. David: Filling that role more falls off ledges
Kate Sackton: Be careful when you don't have my heart, head to take them for you.
Tim Sackton: So with that as reserved and follow turn to ride off. Um, well, I guess sort of one last look back at you all and then
Tim Sackton: Heads West with Ray as well.
Tim Sackton: And you all turn
Tim Sackton: Well possibly take a few moments to short rest and then
Tim Sackton: Turn
Tim Sackton: South for
Tim Sackton: Carolina and a lash and rumors of
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: What's been happening to the south that lashes supposed to be bringing
Tim Sackton: And we will end there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you see that message, I said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Does that